Mine forældre ville afvise min bror, hvis de nogensinde fandt ud af, at han var homoseksuel.	My parents would repudiate my brother if they ever found out he was gay.
For at forhindre, at hans oprindelige idé blev kopieret, greb Henry til tilbageholdenhed.	In order to keep his original idea from being copied, Henry resorted to reticence.
Fortæl os venligst, hvor der er en købmand.	Please tell us where there is a grocery store.
Du skal ikke opgive ham for tabt.	You should not give him up for lost.
Du er for kritisk over for andres mangler.	You are too critical of others' shortcomings.
Du gør klogt i at fortælle ham det på forhånd.	You would do well to tell it to him in advance.
Du er velkommen til at gøre alt, hvad du har lyst til.	You are welcome to do anything you like.
Du er ansvarlig for det, du gør.	You are responsible for what you do.
Du er den ondeste vittige person, jeg kender.	You are the wickedest witty person I know.
Du er herre over din egen skæbne.	You are the master of your own destiny.
Du har dine sokker på vrangen ud.	You are wearing your socks inside out.
Du skal komme tilbage inden klokken ni.	You must come back before nine o'clock.
Du må hellere ikke ryge mens du er på vagt.	You had better not smoke while on duty.
Du har ikke ret til at deltage i mødet.	You are not entitled to attend the meeting.
Elsker du musik?	Do you love music?
Du må hellere spørge lægen til råds.	You had better ask the doctor for advice.
Du er for klar til at tale dårligt om andre.	You are too ready to speak ill of others.
Du er gammel nok til at stå på egne ben.	You are old enough to stand on your own feet.
Du må hellere blive her lidt længere.	You had better stay here a little longer.
Du beder for meget om denne bil.	You are asking too much for this car.
Du har forbud mod at ryge her.	You are prohibited from smoking here.
Du må hellere komme væk herfra med det samme.	You had better get away from here at once.
Du er altid årsagen til mine bekymringer.	You are always the cause of my worries.
Du skal komme klokken 7.	You are supposed to come at 7 o'clock.
Du kan ikke have forstået, hvad han sagde.	You can't have understood what he said.
Du er manden, jeg har ledt efter.	You are the man I've been looking for.
Du er ganske berettiget til at svare ham tilbage.	You are quite justified in answering him back.
Han blev rig.	He became rich.
Lærere stimulerer elevernes interesse, får dem til at tænke, stille spørgsmål og debattere indbyrdes.	Teachers stimulate the students' interest, have them think, ask questions, and debate among themselves.
Det er ikke passende for en lærer at overdrevent favorisere visse elever frem for andre.	It is not fitting for a teacher to overly favor certain pupils over others.
Et gram øvelse er et halvt kilo forskrift værd.	An ounce of practice is worth a pound of precept.
Instruktøren rådede mig til at dyrke motion hver dag.	The instructor advised me to get exercise every day.
Den, der går i kirke, tror på Gud.	Whoever goes to church believes in God.
Folk vil have flere penge til at udvide uddannelsesinstitutionerne.	People want more money to expand educational institutions.
Og jeg opfordrer formanden for uddannelsesudvalget til at støtte forslaget.	And I call on the chairman of the Education Committee to support the motion.
Med undervisning og studier bliver min tid optaget.	With teaching and studying, my time is taken up.
Frygt udspringer altid af uvidenhed.	Fear always springs from ignorance.
Må jeg være så modig at anmode om din hjælp?	May I make so bold as to request your assistance?
Offeret for afpresning har betalt stille penge i årevis, men nu indser han, at det er tåbeligt, og han har besluttet ikke at betale en rød cent mere.	The victim of blackmail has been paying hush money for years, but now he realizes it is foolish, and he has decided not to pay a red cent more.
De siger, at vi får kraftig vind.	They say we're going to get high winds.
Tyven brød ind i hans hus.	The burglar burst into his house.
Så længe der er suveræne nationer, der besidder stor magt, er krig uundgåelig.	As long as there are sovereign nations possessing great power, war is inevitable.
Sluggeren blev let sat ud.	The slugger was easily put out.
Bid godt ned, tak.	Bite down tightly, please.
Sejlet strammede i den stærke vind.	The sail tightened in the strong wind.
Det blæser kraftigt, og jeg kan ikke gå hurtigt.	A strong wind is blowing and I can't walk fast.
De stærke vinde blæste.	The strong winds were blowing.
På grund af det intense sollys var hans ryg solbrændt.	Due to the intense sunlight, his back was sunburnt.
Den stærke østenvind piskede mod vores ansigter.	The strong east wind lashed at our faces.
Ingen andre end en stærk mand er egnet til posten.	No one but a strong man is fit for the post.
Jeg er villig til at udføre jobbet, hvis du samarbejder.	I'm willing to do the job if you cooperate.
Fingeraftrykkene på våbnet svarer til den mistænktes.	The fingerprints left on the weapon correspond with the suspect's.
GOP anklagede demokraterne for svinetøndepolitik.	The GOP accused the Democrats of pork barrel politics.
En republik er en nation, hvis hoved ikke er en konge eller dronning, men en præsident.	A republic is a nation whose head is not a king or queen, but a president.
Det, der er alles sag, er ingens sag.	What's everybody's business is nobody's business.
Kyoko havde venligheden til at bære min bagage for mig.	Kyoko had the kindness to carry my baggage for me.
Fiskeri er en af ​​de mest populære hobbyer.	Fishing is one of the most popular hobbies.
Jeg foretrækker at blive hjemme frem for at fiske.	I prefer staying home to going fishing.
Der er lige så gode fisk i havet, som der nogensinde kom ud af det.	There are as good fish in the sea as ever came out of it.
Jeg kan ikke mere svømme, end en fisk kan gå.	I can no more swim than a fish can walk.
Gå ikke ind i rummet uden orlov.	Don't enter the room without leave.
Jeg blev ramt af en kæmpe luns kød.	I was hit by a huge chunk of meat.
Vi laver den samme gamle rutine: at gå på barhopping og derefter til karaoke.	We're doing the same old routine: going bar hopping and then to karaoke.
De tilstedeværende var skuffede over rapporten.	Those who were present were disappointed at the report.
Mens jeg spillede videospil i stuen, spurgte mor mig, om jeg ville shoppe med hende.	While I was playing video games in the living room, Mother asked me if I would go shopping with her.
Jeg havde mellemørebetændelse sidste år.	I had otitis media last year.
Da jeg fejlede sidste år, vil jeg ikke prøve igen.	Since I failed last year, I don't want to try again.
Takket være den forlystelsespark, der blev bygget sidste år, er byen blevet populær.	Thanks to the amusement park built last year, the city has become popular.
Mr. Brown tog ansvaret for denne klasse sidste år.	Mr Brown took charge of this class last year.
Vi havde hyppige snefald sidste år.	We had frequent snowfalls last year.
I forhold til sidste sommer har vi ikke haft så meget regn i år.	As compared with last summer, we haven't had so much rain this year.
Ude af syne ude af sind.	Out of sight out of mind.
Når du er adskilt, mister du kontakten.	When you're separated you lose touch.
Du skal købe mælk, æg, smør og så videre.	You must buy milk, eggs, butter, and so on.
Man kan ikke sælge koen og drikke mælken.	You cannot sell the cow and drink the milk.
Og han jagede kvæget, fårene og folket ud af templet.	And he chased the cattle, the sheep, and the people out of the temple.
Min gamle ven skrev til mig og informerede mig om hans hjemkomst fra udlandet.	My old friend wrote to me, informing me of his return from abroad.
Gamle venner var inviteret til receptionen.	Old friends were invited to the reception.
Lønnen er fastsat efter alder og erfaring.	The salary is fixed according to age and experience.
Nogle af mine klassekammerater bestod eksamen, men de andre gjorde det ikke.	Some of my classmates passed the examination, but the others didn't.
Bolden buede lidt.	The ball curved slightly.
De reddede flygtninge længtes efter frihed.	The rescued refugees were longing for freedom.
Hasteforretninger afholdt mig fra at handle med dig.	Urgent business kept me from going shopping with you.
Hurtigtoget kørte så hurtigt, at vi næsten ikke så det.	The express train went by so fast that we hardly saw it.
Skynd dig, så når du bussen.	Hurry up, and you'll catch the bus.
Vores bus kommer for sent, især når vi har travlt.	Our bus comes late, particularly when we are in a hurry.
Selvom hun skyndte sig, missede den ældre kvinde det sidste tog.	Even though she rushed, the elderly woman missed the last train.
I pausen fik Takashi og Harumi en drink i teaterbaren.	During the interval, Takashi and Harumi got a drink at the theater bar.
Jeg foreslår, at mødet udsættes.	I move that the meeting adjourn.
I løbet af ferien læste jeg hele Miltons værker.	During the vacation, I read the entire works of Milton.
Klip venligst din ferie kort og vend tilbage.	Please cut your vacation short and return.
Ferien koster mig meget.	The holidays are costing me a lot.
Kan du forlænge din ferie med et par dage?	Can you extend your holiday by a few days?
Ferien ser ud til at gøre hendes helbred godt.	The holidays seem to be doing her health good.
Hun var meget brun efter sin ferie.	She was very brown after her holiday.
Når jeg kommer tilbage fra ferie, skal jeg indhente en masse arbejde.	When I return from vacation, I shall have to catch up with a lot of work.
Han er livlig i frikvarteret.	He is lively during recess.
Tager du lidt fri?	Taking a little time off?
Der er mange turister i byen på ferie.	There are many tourists in the city on holidays.
For meget hvile er rust.	Too much rest is rust.
For lang ferie gør, at man tøver med at starte på arbejde igen.	Too long a holiday makes one reluctant to start work again.
Ferien bliver ved med at være meget kedelig.	The holiday continues to be very boring.
Bakkerne er badet i sollys.	The hills are bathed in sunlight.
Bakken skråner nedad mod floden.	The hill slopes downward to the river.
Bakken gløder af efterårsfarver.	The hill glows with autumnal colors.
Du ser en hvid bygning ved foden af ​​bakken.	You see a white building at the foot of the hill.
Bygningen, der står på bjergsiden, er vores skole.	The building which stands on the hillside is our school.
Beliggende på en bakke har hans hus en fin udsigt.	Situated on a hill, his house commands a fine view.
Stående som det gør på en bakke, har hotellet en fin udsigt over bugten.	Standing as it does on a hill, the hotel commands a fine view of the bay.
Se på den bygning, der står på bakken.	Look at that building standing on the hill.
En smuk kirke står på bakken.	A beautiful church stands on the hill.
Hans hus var i syne fra toppen af ​​bakken.	His house was in sight from the top of the hill.
Masser af campister var parkeret over hele bjergsiden.	Lots of campers were parked all over the hill-side.
En smuk dal ligger bag bakken.	A beautiful valley lies behind the hill.
Vi kom i syne af bakken.	We came in sight of the hill.
Min nakke knækkede, da jeg stod på hovedet.	My neck snapped when I did a headstand.
Hun fortsætter med at smile selv i modgang.	She carries on smiling even in the face of adversity.
Smid de stole, hvis ben er brækket, væk.	Throw away the chairs whose legs are broken.
En stewardesse går hen til drengene.	A flight attendant walks up to the boys.
Da jeg kom ind i caféen, fandt jeg to unge mænd, der så en brydekamp i fjernsynet.	As I entered the café, I found two young men watching a wrestling match on television.
Da jeg kom ind i en tesalon, fandt jeg to unge mænd, der så en brydekamp i fjernsynet.	As I entered a tearoom, I found two young men watching a wrestling match on television.
Ryger eller ikke-ryger?	Smoking or non-smoking?
At være i et rum fyldt med rygere er mit kæledyr.	Being in a room full of smokers is my pet peeve.
Du skal holde op med at ryge, da det er usundt.	You must give up smoking, as it is unhealthy.
Rygning eller sundhed, valget er dit.	Smoking or health, the choice is yours.
Mr Yoshida bryder aldrig sit løfte.	Mr Yoshida never breaks his promise.
Mr. Yoshida er for streng over for sine børn.	Mr Yoshida is too severe with his children.
Tag dig tid, Yoshida.	Take your time, Yoshida.
Lad os fortsætte diskussionen.	Let's carry on the discussion.
Kvinder får det sidste ord.	Women will have the last word.
Diskussionen skabte en del larm, men ingen fremadrettet bevægelse.	The discussion produced a great deal of noise, but no forward motion.
Formanden bør tage hensyn til mindretallets holdning.	The chairman should take the minority opinion into account.
Formanden kaldte udvalget til orden.	The chairman called the committee to order.
Lovforslaget blev fjernet, inden det blev vedtaget af den lovgivende forsamling.	The bill was eviscerated before being passed by the legislature.
Parlamentet er blevet opløst.	Parliament has been dissolved.
Parlamentet har sin begyndelse i det 14. århundredes England.	Parliament has its beginnings in 14th-century England.
Ved du, hvornår det første parlament kom til?	Do you know when the first parliament came into being?
Yoshio sagde, at han ville betale så meget som 15.000 yen for et nyt par basketballsko, men jeg syntes, det var ret dyrt.	Yoshio said he would pay as much as 15000 yen for a new pair of basketball shoes, but I thought that was quite expensive.
Teknologisk innovation medførte informationsindustriens hurtige fremskridt.	Technological innovation brought about the rapid progress of the information industry.
Erfaring uden læring er bedre end læring uden erfaring.	Experience without learning is better than learning without experience.
Lykken er de svages stang og de modiges stav.	Fortune is the rod of the weak, and the staff of the brave.
Sult kender ingen lov.	Hunger knows no law.
Jeg gispede af overraskelse over det forfærdelige billede af de sultende mennesker.	I gasped with surprise at the horrible picture of the starving people.
Du behøver ikke have vækket mig.	You need not have woken me up.
Du kan lide bolde.	You like balls.
Din hund har orme.	Your dog has worms.
Giv ham vitaminer.	Give him vitamins.
Kunne du opbevare disse værdigenstande?	Could you hold these valuables?
Det vil give en mindeværdig tid.	That'll make for a memorable time.
Vi er interesserede i din service.	We are interested in your service.
Vi vil gerne bede om din hjælp til at afklare vores økonomiske problemer med din virksomhed.	We would like to ask for your help in clearing up our financial problems with your company.
Monumentet blev sat op i parken.	The monument was set up in the park.
Mindehøjtideligheden sluttede med afslutningstalen.	The commemorative ceremony ended with the closing address.
Under pressemødet kom præsidenten ind på udenrigsrelationer.	During the press conference, the President touched on foreign relations.
Reporteren dækkede gaseksplosionen i Shibuya.	The reporter covered the gas explosion in Shibuya.
En reporter interviewer Dr. Patterson om Koko, en talende gorilla.	A reporter is interviewing Dr. Patterson about Koko, a talking gorilla.
Jeg læste om All Ball.	I read about All Ball.
Reglerne skal være få, og hvad der er vigtigere, enkle.	The rules must be few, and what is more important, simple.
Læsning dræber tiden på en togtur.	Reading kills time on a train trip.
Toget forlod stationen og var snart forsvundet ude af syne.	The train left the station and had soon disappeared from view.
Syg og træt gik hun tidligt i seng.	Sick and tired, she went to bed early.
For nogen, der føler sig forhastet hele tiden, gør jeg helt sikkert langsomme fremskridt.	For somebody who feels rushed all the time, I sure make slow progress.
Dit sind er ikke optaget af dine egne anliggender.	Your mind is not occupied with your own affairs.
Jeg nyder virkelig klimaet.	I really enjoy the climate.
Efter en akavet pause tog Bill hende i hånden og trak hende ovenpå.	After an awkward pause, Bill took her by the hand and dragged her upstairs.
Vejret er ustadigt.	The weather is fickle.
Han er ganske vist en god fyr, men han er ikke pålidelig.	He is a good fellow, to be sure, but he isn't reliable.
Jeg fandt mig selv liggende i mit soveværelse.	I found myself lying in my bedroom.
På vej hjem mødte Tom en mand, som han troede var amerikaner.	On his way home, Tom met a man who he thought was an American.
Hvorfor ser du ikke ind til hr. Anderson på vej tilbage?	Why don't you look in on Mr Anderson on your way back?
Du skal fodre maskinen.	You must feed the machine.
Restauranten var en nederdel.	The restaurant was a bummer.
Hvis er bogen på skrivebordet?	Whose is the book on the desk?
Der var ingen bog på skrivebordet.	There wasn't any book on the desk.
Der lå ikke mere end to bøger på skrivebordet.	There were no more than two books on the desk.
Der er en kat under skrivebordet.	There is a cat under the desk.
Du kan ikke værdsætte digtet, før du har læst det mange gange.	You cannot appreciate the poem until you have read it many times.
Mærkeligt nok falder antallet af elever hvert år.	Strangely, the number of students is decreasing each year.
Der går mærkelige rygter.	There are strange rumors afloat.
Glæde var blandet med sorg.	Joy was mingled with sorrow.
Jo mere fare, jo mere ære.	The more danger, the more honor.
Det var tæt på, da den lille pige næsten druknede i søen.	It was a close call when the little girl almost drowned in the lake.
Stilhed vokser som kræft.	Silence grows like cancer.
Jeg er ved at blive træt af fru Maruta og hendes larmende venner.	I'm getting sick and tired of Ms Maruta and her noisy friends.
Koreansk mad er kendt for sin krydrede smag.	Korean food is noted for its spicy flavor.
Observation er en passiv videnskab, eksperimentering en aktiv videnskab.	Observation is a passive science, experimentation an active science.
Turisterne malede hele byen rød.	The tourists painted the whole town red.
Den måde, turister klæder sig på, krænker den lokale standard for anstændighed.	The way tourists dress offends the local standard of propriety.
Publikum hulkede under hele filmens klimaks.	The audience sobbed throughout the climax of the movie.
Korthed er viddets sjæl.	Brevity is the soul of wit.
Sygeplejersker tager sig af syge mennesker.	Nurses attend to sick people.
Instruktøren castede mig som djævelen.	The director cast me as the devil.
Du skal handle under ledelse af din vejleder.	You must act under the leadership of your supervisor.
Jeg mærkede sveden sive ned af panden.	I felt the sweat trickle down my brow.
Termometre går ofte under nul.	Thermometers often go below zero.
Bandet sprang til live.	The band sprang to life.
Lad os synge nogle glade sange.	Let's sing some merry songs.
Nydelse er kilden til smerte.	Pleasure is the source of pain.
Eleverne brød ud i grin.	The pupils burst out laughing.
Jeg fortryder at have været ledig i min skoletid.	I regret having been idle in my school days.
Jeg plejede at fiske i min skoletid.	I used to go fishing in my school days.
Der er flere begrænsninger for at arbejde for at forsørge dig selv i udlandet på et studievisum.	There are several restrictions on working to support yourself abroad on a student visa.
Du kommer ikke i tide til skolen.	You are not going to make it in time for school.
Kom ud, ellers vil du være ked af det.	Get out, or you will be sorry.
Jeg skal til Frankrig for at studere maleri.	I'm going to France to study painting.
Mødet blev udsat til næste fredag.	The meeting was put off until next Friday.
At afslutte jobbet til tirsdag vil være et stykke kage.	Finishing the job by Tuesday will be a piece of cake.
Forskere begyndte at finde svar på disse spørgsmål.	Scientists began to find answers to these questions.
Du kan ikke have mistet din frakke i huset.	You can't have lost your coat in the house.
Jeg savnede ikke min pung, før jeg kom hjem.	I did not miss my purse till I got home.
Hvor mange nætter?	For how many nights?
Hvor mange mennesker?	How many people?
Nogle kom for sent.	Some were late.
Du kan ikke få din vilje i alt.	You cannot have your way in everything.
Jeg bestilte nogle nye bøger fra Amerika.	I ordered some new books from America.
Du er sikker på at få succes, uanset hvad du gør.	You are sure to succeed, whatever you do.
De, der intet besidder, mister intet.	Those who possess nothing lose nothing.
Græd ikke før du er såret.	Don't cry before you're hurt.
Du må hellere fortælle mig hele historien.	You had better tell me the whole story.
Du kan ikke have din egen måde i alt.	You cannot have your own way in everything.
Hvilket fantastisk vejr.	What marvelous weather.
Lån mig noget at klippe det med.	Lend me something with which to cut this.
Koncerten finder sted næste søndag.	The concert will take place next Sunday.
Har du en blyant?	Have you got a pencil?
Det vil tage mig 20 minutter at komme til stationen med taxa.	It will take me 20 minutes to get to the station by taxi.
Da hun ankom til stationen, ringede hun til sin mor.	On arriving at the station, she rang up her mother.
Du skal være mere omhyggelig med at skrive engelsk.	You must exercise more care in writing English.
Jeg har studeret engelsk i fem år.	I've studied English for five years.
Du skal studere engelsk trin for trin.	You have to study English step by step.
Engelsk er ikke let for mig.	English is not easy for me.
Jeg kan ikke finde nogen logik i engelsk stavning.	I can't find any logic to English spelling.
"Ghoti" kan udtales som "fisk".	“Ghoti” can be pronounced as “fish.”
Du bør læse bøger skrevet på engelsk.	You should read books written in English.
Det er forkert at lyve.	It is wrong to tell lies.
Mangt et sandt ord bliver sagt i spøg.	Many a true word is spoken in jest.
Det kommer til at regne.	It is going to rain.
En kraftig regn begyndte at falde.	A heavy rain began to fall.
Hvis bare regnen ville stoppe!	If only the rain would stop!
Du vil ødelægge dit helbred, hvis du drikker for meget.	You will ruin your health if you drink too much.
Du vil føle dig bedre efter en nats søvn.	You will feel better after a night's sleep.
Lægen rådede hr. White til ikke at ryge for meget.	The doctor advised Mr White not to smoke too much.
Lægen bad hr. Smith holde op med at ryge.	The doctor told Mr Smith to give up smoking.
Du må bedst følge lægens råd.	You had best follow the doctor's advice.
Et af udvalgene er sammensat af otte medlemmer.	One of the committees is composed of eight members.
Du er meget højere, end du plejede at være.	You are much taller than you used to be.
Vi når sandsynligvis dertil inden mørkets frembrud.	We are likely to get there before dark.
Du er velkommen til enhver bog på mit bibliotek.	You are welcome to any book in my library.
Klokken er syv i London nu.	It is seven in London now.
Du kan komme i kontakt med mig på Hotel Landmark.	You can get in touch with me at Hotel Landmark.
Radioen virker ikke.	The radio will not work.
En kamel er så at sige et skib på ørkenen.	A camel is, so to speak, a ship on the desert.
Du klarer dig meget godt.	You are doing very well.
Bliv ved med det.	Keep it up.
Med tiden kom Tom til at elske hende.	In time, Tom came to love her.
Du er forpligtet til at fejle, medmindre du studerer hårdere.	You are bound to fail unless you study harder.
Du vil fejle, medmindre du arbejder hårdere.	You will fail unless you work harder.
Du skal indsamle yderligere oplysninger.	You must gather further information.
Du må hellere ikke gå ud nu.	You had better not go out now.
Klokken er næsten 11.	It's almost 11.
Det er på tide du går i seng.	It is time you went to bed.
Sluk for radioen.	Turn off the radio.
Det varer ikke længe før jeg kommer tilbage.	It will not be long before I come back.
Portører må ofte gå over sporene.	Porters often have to walk across the tracks.
Bell boede i London, ikke?	Bell used to live in London, didn't he?
Klokken har ikke ringet endnu.	The bell has not rung yet.
Fransk tales i Frankrig.	French is spoken in France.
Det er sjovt at spille kort.	It is fun to play cards.
Tom forlader Kobe i morgen tidlig.	Tom is leaving Kobe tomorrow morning.
Tom stod på perronen i Westminster Underground Station.	Tom stood on the platform in Westminster Underground Station.
Det var på Oxford University, at Tom studerede historie.	It was at Oxford University that Tom studied history.
Giv venligst mine bedste hilsner til dine forældre.	Please give my best regards to your parents.
Nok TV, allerede!	Enough TV, already!
Kaffe afslutter de fleste middage.	Coffee finishes most dinners.
Prisen er ikke rimelig.	The price is not reasonable.
Chokolade smager sødt.	Chocolate tastes sweet.
Ingen drikkepenge modtages.	No gratuities accepted.
En dobbelt, tak.	A double, please.
Mange mennesker ventede på ham.	A lot of people were waiting for him.
Mange fisk omkom.	A lot of fish perished.
Jeg havde ikke forventet, at det ville komme fra dig.	I didn't expect that to come from you.
Hvis du kører din bil sådan, ender du på hospitalet.	If you drive your car like that, you'll end up in hospital.
Du er tåbelig at sige sådan noget.	You are foolish to say such a thing.
Et stykke jernbane, der er i brug i dag, er derfor et produkt af en lang række beslutninger, der er truffet på mange forskellige grunde, på forskellige tidspunkter.	A piece of railway in use today is therefore the product of a long series of decisions reached on many different grounds, at different times.
Det er en sygdom, der ikke kan forebygges.	It is a disease that can't be prevented.
Det er ham.	It is he.
Det er ikke helt falsk.	That is not altogether false.
Det gik.	Off it went.
Du fortæller det brugt, ikke?	You are telling it second hand, aren't you?
Det er den ældste træbygning, der findes.	It is the oldest wooden building in existence.
Det er overraskende.	That is surprising.
Jeg havde købt den ugen før.	I had bought it the week before.
Det er ikke din kniv.	That is not your knife.
Det kræver motion.	It needs exercise.
Men på en eller anden måde lykkedes det ham at vakle til dørene.	But somehow he managed to stagger to the doors.
Så gik den yngre broder af sted, og den ældste blev tilbage.	Then the younger brother set off, and the elder remained behind.
Du må hellere sikre dig, at det er sandt.	You'd better make sure that it is true.
Derefter begyndte han sit arbejde i Cambridge og udviklede mange nye ideer om universets natur.	Then he began his work at Cambridge, developing many new ideas about the nature of the universe.
Den gamle mand tiltrak en stor skare med sin musik.	The old man drew a large crowd with his music.
Den gamle mand forsøgte at svømme fem kilometer.	The old man attempted to swim five kilometers.
Hans modige gerninger gav ham en medalje.	His brave deeds earned him a medal.
Emnet er lukket.	The subject is closed.
Hætten er for lille til mig.	The cap is too small for me.
Skuespilleren gik på scenen for at levere sine replikker.	The actor went onstage to deliver his lines.
Bonden stod op ved solopgang og arbejdede til solnedgang.	The farmer rose at sunrise and worked till sunset.
Den generte elev mumlede sit svar.	The shy pupil murmured his answer.
Hver gang jeg besøgte øen, var jeg imponeret over skønheden i dens natur.	Whenever I visited the island, I was impressed by the beauty of its nature.
Togene er ubelejlige og ubehagelige; desuden kører de aldrig til tiden.	The trains are inconvenient and uncomfortable; in addition, they never run on time.
Toget ankommer til tiden.	The train's arriving bang on time.
Der var ikke mere end ti kunder i butikken.	There were not more than ten customers in the shop.
De markerede det beskadigede gods med 40 %.	They marked the damaged goods down by 40%.
Nyheden kom ud af det blå.	The news came out of the blue.
Skuespilleren var på scenen i det meste af stykket.	The actor was onstage for most of the play.
Manden trådte til side for at hun kunne komme ind i rummet.	The man stepped aside for her to enter the room.
Ordet er ikke i min ordbog.	The word is not in my dictionary.
Brystet er tre fod bredt.	The chest is three feet wide.
Læreren er ansvarlig for tredjeårsklassen.	The teacher is in charge of the third-year class.
Den røde hat passer godt til din kjole.	The red hat goes well with your dress.
Det nye slips passer til din jakke.	The new tie goes with your jacket.
Drengen kæmpede mod en alvorlig sygdom.	The boy battled against a serious illness.
Dette billede tager mig tilbage til min barndom.	This photo takes me back to my childhood.
Du holder min hånd på det billede.	You are holding my hand in that picture.
Ulykken skyldtes hendes uagtsomhed.	The accident stemmed from her negligence.
Kampen blev udsat til næste søndag.	The game was put off until next Sunday.
Barnet hørte noget falde med et styrt.	The child heard something fall with a crash.
Barnet bad sin mor om slik.	The child begged his mother for candy.
Han taler med et mundheld.	He speaks with a lisp.
Jeg tror, ​​det bliver nemt at udføre arbejdet.	I think it will be easy to do the job.
Drabssagen kan have en sammenhæng med hans pludselige død.	The murder case may bear a relation to his sudden death.
Hunden kaldes af familien Spot.	The dog is called Spot by the family.
Reglen bør revideres.	The rule should be revised.
Billedet var vidunderligt.	The picture was wonderful.
Billedets pris er 10 pund.	The price of the picture is 10 pounds.
Mødet var ikke særlig velbesøgt.	The meeting was not particularly well attended.
Huset står blandt træer.	The house stands among trees.
Huset er ikke beboet nu.	The house is not occupied now.
Jeg fandt filmen romantisk.	I found the film romantic.
Sælgeren lærte at være punktlig til aftaler.	The salesman learned to be punctual for appointments.
Skyen var i form af en bjørn.	The cloud was in the shape of a bear.
Bevægelsen vinder hurtigt frem.	The movement is rapidly gaining ground.
Rumskibet skulle aldrig vende tilbage til Jorden.	The spaceship was never to return to Earth.
Du finder restauranten på din højre side.	You will find the restaurant on your right.
Æblet smager sødt.	The apple tastes sweet.
Sådan slap han for at komme til skade ved ulykken.	That's how he escaped being hurt in the accident.
En så drastisk økonomisk vækst kan ikke opretholdes.	Such drastic economic growth cannot be sustained.
Sådanne handlinger er fremmede for vores overbevisning.	Such actions are alien to our beliefs.
Hønen lægger et æg næsten hver dag.	The hen lays an egg almost every day.
Båden var prisgivet bølgerne.	The boat was at the mercy of the waves.
Ankermanden havde audiens hos kongen.	The anchorman had an audience with the king.
Du skulle have set programmet på tv.	You should have seen the program on TV.
Det nytter ikke at tale om det.	It is no good talking about it.
Du vil lære, hvordan du gør det med tiden.	You will learn how to do it in time.
Stop med at gå der.	Stop going there.
Du bliver nødt til at vente der omkring en time.	You will have to wait there about an hour.
Du må hellere ikke bruge de ord på fire bogstaver.	You had better not use those four-letter words.
Dekanen sukkede og sagde: "Jeg tror, ​​at denne kvinde måske er... min egen kusine".	The dean sighed and said: "I think that this woman is perhaps... my own cousin".
Smith krævede betaling.	Smith demanded payment.
Mr Smith drikker kaffe.	Mr Smith is drinking coffee.
Du tager telefonen og ringer til lægen.	You get on the phone and call the doctor.
Du må hellere skrive brevet med det samme.	You had better write the letter at once.
Du vil snart vænne dig til klimaændringerne.	You will soon get used to the change of climate.
Du må hellere se en læge med det samme.	You had better see a doctor at once.
Mr. Jones smager den suppe, hans kone lavede.	Mr Jones is tasting the soup his wife made.
Mr. Jones, hvis kone underviser i engelsk, er selv professor i engelsk.	Mr Jones, whose wife teaches English, is himself a professor of English.
En hr. Jones er kommet for at se dig.	A Mr Jones has come to see you.
En Mr Jones venter på dig udenfor.	A Mr Jones is waiting for you outside.
Er hr. Schmidt hjemme nu?	Is Mr Schmidt at home now?
Jim, løb ikke rundt i rummet.	Jim, don't run about in the room.
Jeg kan dog ikke tilslutte mig din mening.	I cannot, however, agree to your opinion.
Men drengene tilbragte alle deres ferier på Mr Woods gård.	But the boys spent all their holidays on Mr Wood's farm.
Shakespeare er forfatteren til Hamlet.	Shakespeare is the author of Hamlet.
Sally mistede de kontaktlinser, hun havde købt dagen før.	Sally lost the contact lenses she had bought the day before.
Sam, lad være!	Sam, don't!
Vi beklager meget, at din ordre blev beskadiget.	We're very sorry that your order was damaged.
Som du ved, kan livet sammenlignes med en rejse.	As you know, life is comparable to a voyage.
Du må hellere ikke gå rundt sådan et sted.	You had better not walk around in such a place.
Du er en idiot at gå ud i det her vejr.	You are an idiot to go out in this weather.
Der er ikke mange bøger på disse hylder.	There are not many books on these shelves.
Ingen af ​​disse busser går til Shinjuku.	None of these buses go to Shinjuku.
Du kan ikke gøre alle disse ting på én gang.	You cannot do all these things at once.
Er der nogen, der har spørgsmål indtil videre?	Does anyone have any questions so far?
Dette er den mest massive struktur, jeg nogensinde har set.	This is the most massive structure I have ever seen.
Dette er et spørgsmål af yderste vigtighed.	This is a matter of the utmost importance.
Mine stjerner!	My stars!
Dette er en kaffekop lavet i England.	This is a coffee cup made in England.
Dette er kaffen.	This is the coffee.
Dette er nøglen, jeg har ledt efter.	This is the key I have been looking for.
Undskyld.	Sorry.
Jeg missede toget.	I missed the train.
Denne tur tager på hver af de fem hovedøer.	This tour takes in each of the five main islands.
Dette problem opstod på grund af en gensidig misforståelse.	This problem arose from a mutual misunderstanding.
Dette værelse er alt andet end varmt.	This room is anything but warm.
Hvor skal dette tog hen?	Where's this train bound for?
Det er på dette punkt, at vores meninger er forskellige.	It is on this point that our opinions differ.
Du kan leje en cykel på timebasis i denne butik.	You can hire a bicycle by the hour at this shop.
Du forventes at klæde dig godt på til denne butik.	You are expected to dress well for this shop.
Du må ikke parkere bilen på denne gade.	You mustn't park the car in this street.
Hyppigheden af ​​kriminalitet i byen er høj.	The frequency of crime in the town is high.
Barnet kan ikke bruge en ske endnu.	The baby cannot use a spoon yet.
Du må hellere holde denne mad under ti grader.	You had better keep this food under ten degrees.
Denne lektion er aflyst i morgen.	This lesson is cancelled tomorrow.
Denne cykel er forfærdelig; det er for tungt.	This bike is awful; it's too heavy.
Du er ansvarlig for denne ulykke.	You are responsible for this accident.
Denne hvalp græder, fordi den savner sin mor.	This puppy is crying because it misses its mother.
Det ord er faldet ud af brug.	That word has fallen out of use.
Dette par sko er en størrelse større.	This pair of shoes is a size larger.
Denne blomst findes i forskellige dele af Hokkaido.	This flower is found in different parts of Hokkaido.
Denne frugt er ikke moden nok til at plukke endnu.	This fruit isn't ripe enough to pick yet.
Jeg tog endelig til England denne sommer.	I finally went to England this summer.
Jeg vil gerne sende dette postkort til Japan.	I want to send this postcard to Japan.
Suppen smager af hvidløg.	The soup tastes of garlic.
Denne kaffe er ikke varm nok.	This coffee is not hot enough.
Denne kaffe smager brændt.	This coffee tastes burnt.
Du vil finde dette spil meget interessant.	You will find this game very interesting.
Dette er drengen, hvis navn er Tom Fisher.	This is the boy whose name is Tom Fisher.
Aldrig problemer, før problemer plager dig.	Never trouble till trouble troubles you.
Du vil være sikker fra enhver fare her.	You will be safe from any danger here.
Du må ikke ryge herinde.	You are not supposed to smoke in here.
Tre kaffe, tak.	Three coffees, please.
Server kaffen, tak.	Serve the coffee, please.
Kaffe afslutter et måltid.	Coffee ends a meal.
Kennedy lufthavn, tak.	Kennedy Airport, please.
Du kan ikke spise din kage og også have den.	You cannot eat your cake and have it too.
Du har ikke spist kagen endnu.	You haven't eaten the cake yet.
Mr Green, du er efterlyst i telefonen.	Mr Green, you are wanted on the phone.
Kan du tage mig med til Grand Hotel?	Could you take me to the Grand Hotel?
Mr Crouch, hvad laver du?	Mr Crouch, what do you do?
Skoene er lavet af læder.	The shoes are made of leather.
Bare giv ham tegnebogen.	Just give him the wallet.
Glasværket kom fra Persien via Silkevejen.	Glasswork came from Persia by way of the Silk Road.
Hun begyndte at drikke øl.	She took to drinking beer.
Han behøver ikke have taget paraplyen med.	He needn't have brought the umbrella.
Der er få æbler i kurven.	There are few apples in the basket.
Du har måske lige glemt det.	You might have just forgotten.
Svar ikke din mor tilbage.	Don't answer your mother back.
Far købte mig et kamera.	Dad bought me a camera.
Du skal være tilbage ved middagstid.	You are supposed to be back by noon.
Du er gammel nok til at passe på dig selv.	You are old enough to take care of yourself.
Du skal passe på dine penge.	You should be careful of your money.
Chancerne er, at hun siger sit job op.	The chances are that she'll quit her job.
Forveksle ikke Østrig med Australien.	Don't confuse Austria with Australia.
Vores bil er udstyret med aircondition.	Our car is equipped with air conditioning.
Jeg føler mig skyldig over at have fortalt en løgn.	I feel guilty about having told a lie.
En kanin har lange ører.	A rabbit has long ears.
Gå og se, om Mr. Wilson er hjemme.	Go and see if Mr Wilson is at home.
Du kan komme, når det passer dig.	You can come whenever it is convenient for you.
Du kan til enhver tid bruge min skrivemaskine.	You may use my typewriter at any time.
Vejret skifter meget ofte i England.	The weather changes very often in England.
Sådan noget skulle du ikke have sagt til hende.	You shouldn't have said such a thing to her.
Det er heller ikke en appelsin.	That is not an orange, either.
Du skulle have ringet i forvejen.	You should have telephoned in advance.
Amerikanske kvinder havde ikke stemmeret.	American women didn't have the right to vote.
Flygtninge i Afrika søger hjælp.	Refugees in Africa are seeking help.
Den høje mand er Mr Smith.	That tall man is Mr Smith.
Du må hellere ikke stå i vejen for ham!	You're better off not getting in his way!
De sko passer ikke til jakkesættet.	Those shoes don't go with the suit.
Huset er meget gammelt.	The house is very old.
Den skal repareres, før du sælger den.	It needs repairing before you sell it.
Hvor er det notat blevet af?	Where has that memo got to?
Du skal bruge ti dollars til for at købe det kamera.	You need another ten dollars to buy that camera.
Du vil hurtigt vænne dig til lydene.	You will soon get accustomed to the noises.
Du skal til England næste år.	You will have to go to England next year.
Du vil være i stand til at læse denne bog næste år.	You will be able to read this book next year.
Du vil kunne se ham i morgen.	You will be able to see him tomorrow.
Jeg spekulerer på, om du virkelig er glad.	I wonder if you are truly happy.
Du skal strege ethvert ord ud, du ikke har brug for.	You should cross out any word you don't need.
Du bør tage hendes sygdom i betragtning.	You should take her illness into consideration.
Du kan ikke bebrejde ham for ulykken.	You can't blame him for the accident.
Du skal ikke grine af hans fejl.	You should not laugh at his mistake.
Du kan ikke regne med ham for økonomisk hjælp.	You can't count on him for financial help.
Du må hellere spørge ham, hvordan man gør det.	You had better ask him how to do it.
Du har set Tokyo Tower, har du ikke?	You have seen Tokyo Tower, haven't you?
Du skal holde øje med dit skridt hele vejen.	You must watch your step all the way.
Går du med tog eller i bil?	Do you go by train or by car?
Du får et cd-sæt på din fødselsdag.	You will get a CD set on your birthday.
Rejser du til søs eller med fly?	Do you travel by sea or by air?
Du er bare den samme, som du altid har været.	You are just the same as you always were.
Du må hellere skære ned på dine leveomkostninger.	You had better cut down your living expenses.
Du er færdig med dine lektier, ikke?	You have finished your homework, haven't you?
Du er gammel nok til at leve af dit eget liv.	You are old enough to make your own living.
Du er tilfreds med dit liv, er du ikke?	You are satisfied with your life, aren't you?
Du ville ønske, at du havde et eget hus.	You will wish you had a house of your own.
Du lovede ikke at være uhøflig over for mig mere.	You promised not to be rude to me any more.
Du vil snart blive overbevist om, at jeg har ret.	You will soon be convinced that I am right.
Du er skolelærer, er du ikke?	You are a schoolteacher, aren't you?
Du har vist tænkt på noget andet.	You seem to have thought of something else.
Du må hellere lære enten engelsk eller fransk.	You had better learn either English or French.
Du forlader ikke Japan for altid, vel?	You aren't leaving Japan for good, are you?
Du er professionel, men jeg er amatør.	You are a professional, but I am an amateur.
Du skal stå i kø for at købe billetten.	You must stand in a line to buy the ticket.
Du er ikke skyld i ulykken.	You are not to blame for the accident.
Du går ind for planen, ikke?	You are in favor of the plan, aren't you?
Du må hellere bruge muligheden.	You had better make use of the opportunity.
Du må hellere lave dit hjemmearbejde med det samme.	You had better do your homework at once.
Du vil snart vænne dig til at spise japansk mad.	You will soon get used to eating Japanese food.
Du vil snart kunne spille tennis bedre.	You will be able to play tennis better soon.
Du har din skjorte på vrangen ud.	You are wearing your shirt inside out.
Du når ham ved at ringe til dette nummer.	You reach him by calling this number.
Du må ikke bruge denne bil.	You are not allowed to use this car.
Du vil altid være velkommen, når du kommer.	You will always be welcome whenever you come.
Du skal starte mellem seks og syv.	You should start between six and seven.
Du har aldrig været i Okinawa, har du?	You have never been to Okinawa, have you?
Du burde vide bedre, nu du er atten.	You should know better now you are eighteen.
Du har en meget skarp måde at tale på.	You have a very crisp way of speaking.
Kom og skriv dit navn.	Come and write your name.
Dit forslag er værd at overveje.	Your proposal is worthy of being considered.
Jeg bad mor om at hente noget til dig.	I asked Mom to get some for you.
Hvor mange elever er der i din klasse?	How many pupils are there in your class?
Din søster kan ikke svømme godt, kan hun?	Your sister cannot swim well, can she?
Du og jeg må give ham vores gave.	You and I must give him our present.
Du er netop den person, jeg har ledt efter.	You are the very person I have been looking for.
Du skal huske at fortælle ham alt, hvad du ved.	You must remember to tell him all that you know.
Den mand, du så der i går, var hr. Brown.	The man who you saw there yesterday was Mr Brown.
Jeg vil gerne se dig, når du er fri.	I'd like to see you when you are free.
Ærgerligt du ikke kan komme.	Pity you can't come.
Din plan om at købe en anden pc vil overhovedet ikke være et problem.	Your plan to purchase another PC will not be a problem at all.
Tag hurtigtoget fra perron 9.	Take the express train from platform 9.
Den har lige slået otte, ikke?	It has just struck eight, hasn't it?
Vent venligst til fem, hvor han kommer tilbage.	Please wait till five, when he'll be back.
Du skal returnere bogen inden udgangen af ​​april.	You must return the book by the end of April.
Jeg prøvede to gange, men ingen af ​​forsøgene virkede.	I tried twice, but neither try worked.
Det lykkedes i mit første forsøg.	I succeeded in my first attempt.
Det er billigere at bestille i dusin.	It's cheaper to order by the dozen.
"Min mand døde for to år siden," sagde en ældre dame.	"My husband passed on two years ago," an elderly lady said.
Mary modtog en pris for sin komposition kaldet "Hemmelig kærlighed".	Mary received an award for her composition called "Secret love".
"Shiitake" er en slags svamp.	"Shiitake" is a sort of mushroom.
"Mine tænder er for svage til æbler," sagde drengen.	"My teeth are too weak for apples," said the boy.
"Alle I, hold kæft!" sagde han.	"All of you, shut up!" he said.
"Lad os spille hopscotch," sagde den lille hvide kanin.	"Let's play hopscotch," said the little white rabbit.
"Lad os begynde dagens lektion med at åbne vores bøger på side 156," sagde læreren.	"Let's begin today's lesson by opening our books at page 156," the teacher said.
Du går videre, og jeg indhenter dig senere.	You walk on and I will catch up with you later.
Du får lov til at bruge dette rum i morgen.	You will be allowed to use this room tomorrow.
Du skulle have deltaget i mødet personligt.	You should have attended the meeting in person.
Lad os drikke til fraværende venner.	Let's drink to absent friends.
Månen blev reflekteret i søen.	The moon was reflected in the lake.
Jeg har ondt i skulderen.	I have a pain in the shoulder.
Der bor en gammel mand i hytten ved søen.	There lives an old man in the hut by the lake.
Potentielle kunder er blevet listet.	Potential customers have been listed.
Jeg bliver nødt til at ringe tilbage.	I'm gonna have to call you back.
Hun blev skilt fra sin uskyldige mand, fordi hun var væmmet af ham.	She divorced her good-for-nothing husband because she was disgusted with him.
Trænger du til te eller kaffe?	Care for tea or coffee?
Du kan gå, hvis du vil.	You may go if you wish.
Det er op til dig.	It's up to you.
Du må hellere gå hen og takke hende personligt.	You had better go and thank her in person.
I USA er der folketælling hvert tiende år.	In the United States, there is a census every ten years.
Jeg hører, du tog til USA.	I hear you went to the United States.
Hvor mange bøger tror du, du har læst indtil videre?	How many books do you think you have read so far?
Du kan aldrig sige, hvad der kommer til at ske.	You never can tell what is going to happen.
En hr. Brown kom i morges.	A Mr Brown came this morning.
Hun skal have været på hospitalet i en måned næste mandag.	She will have been in hospital for a month next Monday.
Har du skrevet i din dagbog endnu i dag?	Have you written in your diary yet today?
Jeg har ikke lyst til at ryge i dag.	I don't feel like smoking today.
Du må hellere holde dig væk fra arbejde i dag.	You had better stay away from work today.
Jeg vil hellere studere end lege i dag.	I would rather study than play today.
Vi har mindre sne end normalt.	We have less snow than usual.
Vi har nogle mennesker i aften.	We are having some people tonight.
Du finder posthuset på din venstre side.	You will find the post office on your left.
Sukker opløses i varm kaffe.	Sugar dissolves in hot coffee.
Nylige tegneserier har for mange voldelige og seksuelle scener.	Recent comics have too many violent and sexual scenes.
Når det sidste blad falder, må jeg også gå.	When the last leaf falls, I must go, too.
Held og lykke til dig.	The best of luck to you.
Drejer jeg til venstre ved det første stoplys?	Do I turn left at the first stoplight?
Markerede du papirerne?	Did you mark the papers?
Den anden periode sluttede i går.	The second term came to an end yesterday.
Det var Alice, der var til koncerten i går.	It was Alice who went to the concert yesterday.
Det var hans bil, ikke min, der brød sammen i går.	It was his car, not mine, that broke down yesterday.
Kirsebærtræerne står i fuld blomst.	The cherry trees are in full blossom.
Skal jeg tage et blad med?	Shall I bring a magazine?
Hajer er berygtede for deres blodtørstige natur.	Sharks are infamous for their bloodthirsty natures.
Du kan tage af sted, når du er færdig med arbejdet.	You may leave when you have finished the work.
Du må gerne bruge min skrivemaskine, hvis du vil.	You may use my typewriter if you want to.
Han betalte så meget som hundrede dollars for en hvalp.	He paid as much as a hundred dollars for a puppy.
Det er meget frækt af dig at trække i killingens hale.	It is very naughty of you to pull the kitten's tail.
Hvor går bussen til byen?	Where's the bus for the city?
Grenene var fyldt med appelsiner.	The branches were laden with oranges.
Døden er den store udjævning.	Death is the great leveler.
Du er den mand, jeg gerne vil se.	You are the very man I want to see.
Medmindre jeg tager fejl, har jeg set den mand før.	Unless I am mistaken, I've seen that man before.
Jeg læste ikke en bog i går.	I did not read a book yesterday.
Taler.	Speaking.
Jeg har en gammel bror med dig.	I have a brother of an age with you.
Vil du lade mig gøre det?	Will you let me at it?
Du kan få fat i mig på Yasesu Hotel.	You can get hold of me at the Yasesu Hotel.
Mit kamera er et Nikon.	My camera is a Nikon.
Mit ur trænger til at blive repareret.	My watch needs mending.
Min søster synger sange meget godt.	My sister sings songs very well.
Mit ur trænger til reparation.	My watch needs repairing.
Jeg rører sjældent kaffe.	I rarely touch coffee.
Jeg besøgte Fukuoka for ti år siden.	I visited Fukuoka ten years ago.
Jeg ventede i ti minutter, selvom de virkede som ti timer for mig.	I waited for ten minutes, though they seemed like ten hours to me.
Jeg blev født i Hiroshima i 1945.	I was born in Hiroshima in 1945.
Jeg så en fugl flyve over et træ.	I saw a bird flying over a tree.
Jeg afslutter arbejdet om en uge, altså den 5. maj.	I'll finish the work in a week, that is, on May 5th.
Jeg tog til Obihiro for to år siden.	I went to Obihiro two years ago.
Jeg skulle vælge mellem A og B.	I had to choose between A and B.
Jeg besøgte mange dele af England.	I visited many parts of England.
Jeg vil til Amerika en dag.	I want to go to America someday.
Jeg bestilte bogen fra England.	I ordered the book from England.
Jeg sprang en middag af min onkel.	I sponged a dinner off my uncle.
Jeg foretrækker grapefrugter frem for appelsiner.	I prefer grapefruits to oranges.
Jeg fik min eneste søn død af kræft.	I had my only son die of cancer.
Du kan nå mig på adressen skrevet her.	You can reach me at the address written here.
Jeg skammede mig over at have sagt det.	I was ashamed of having said so.
Jeg bestilte bogen fra Storbritannien.	I ordered the book from Britain.
Jeg så hende for sidste gang.	I saw her for the last time.
Jeg ser fjernsyn to gange om ugen.	I watch television twice a week.
Jeg vil meget gerne have kaffe.	I want some coffee badly.
Jeg opdragede to børn alene.	I brought up two children alone.
Jeg er ansat af en fransk advokat.	I'm employed by a French lawyer.
Jeg vil gerne lytte til popmusik.	I'd like to listen to pop music.
Jeg har aldrig været i Europa.	I have never been to Europe.
Jeg er meget glad for at rejse med tog.	I am very fond of travelling by train.
Jeg boede i Sanda City sidste år.	I lived in Sanda City last year.
Jeg kan ikke følge din teori.	I cannot follow your theory.
Aldrig har jeg set så sød en hvalp som denne.	Never have I seen such a cute puppy as this.
Jeg spillede ikke tennis i går.	I did not play tennis yesterday.
Du er i mine tanker hele tiden.	You are in my thoughts at all times.
Jeg skal have min cykel repareret.	I must have my bicycle repaired.
Jeg er helt enig med dig.	I am wholly in agreement with you.
Jeg fik mit værelse gjort rent af min søn.	I got my room cleaned by my son.
Jeg manglede ord.	I was quite at a loss for words.
Jeg så en fugl flyve hen over himlen.	I saw a bird fly across the sky.
Jeg fik min bror til at rense værelset.	I had my brother clean the room.
Jeg rydder op på mit værelse hver søndag.	I clean up my room every Sunday.
Jeg vil have ham til at tage dertil.	I want him to go there.
Jeg skal til Tokyo i morgen.	I am going to go to Tokyo tomorrow.
Jeg tager til Tokyo i morgen.	I will go to Tokyo tomorrow.
Jeg planlægger at cykle rundt i Shikoku næste år.	I plan to cycle around Shikoku next year.
Jeg kan bedre lide varm te end kold.	I like hot tea better than cold.
Vores lærer bor i den fjerne ende af gaden.	Our teacher lives at the far end of the street.
Vi mødte dem tilfældigvis på busstationen.	We happened to meet them at the bus station.
Meget er allerede blevet sagt om vanskeligheden ved at oversætte poesi.	Much has already been said about the difficulty of translating poetry.
Han bestod eksamen.	He failed the exam.
Klarede du dig godt til eksamen?	Did you do well in the exam?
Han undlod at tage eksamen.	He failed to take the exam.
Korsvejen, hvor ulykken skete, er nær her.	The crossroads where the accident happened is near here.
Al trafikken gik i stå ved uheldet.	All the traffic was brought to a standstill by the accident.
Klokken slår fire.	The clock is striking four.
Den ene efter den anden døde dyrene.	One after another, the animals died.
Du skal indhente den tid, du har tabt.	You have to make up the time you have lost.
I praksis er der lille forskel på de to.	In practice, there is little difference between the two.
Han sad og drak vin.	He was sitting drinking wine.
Hele bjerget bliver rødt om efteråret.	The whole mountain turns red in autumn.
Bladene vender om efteråret.	The leaves turn in autumn.
Jeg tager ofte på yacht i weekenden.	I often go yachting on weekends.
Du skal skifte tog ved Shibuya.	You have to change trains at Shibuya.
Du bør arbejde i menneskehedens interesse.	You should work in the interests of humanity.
Det er rigtig sjovt at lege med en hvalp.	It is great fun to play with a puppy.
Det er bagende varmt.	It's baking hot.
Den er lavet af fint bomuld.	It's made of fine cotton.
Du fører din vittighed lidt for langt.	You are carrying your joke a bit too far.
Kaffe kommer efter maden.	Coffee comes after the meal.
Du skal rense dine hænder før måltider.	You must clean your hands before meals.
Du skal skifte tog i Shinjuku.	You have to change trains at Shinjuku.
Du skal ikke være afhængig af dine forældre.	You should not depend on your parents.
Folk køber disse billetter mange måneder før turneringen starter.	People buy these tickets many months before the tournament starts.
Du må ikke rive sider ud af bibliotekets bøger.	You must not tear pages out of library books.
Ser du et skib i horisonten?	Do you see a ship on the horizon?
Et par minutter senere ringede telefonen.	A few minutes later the telephone rang.
Den offentlige menings bølge vender mod sexisme.	The tide of public opinion is turning against sexism.
Eleverne rejser sig, når deres lærer kommer ind.	The pupils stand up when their teacher enters.
Jeg blev født den 14. februar 1960.	I was born on February 14, 1960.
Du kan blive, hvis bare du er stille.	You can stay if only you are quiet.
Det er ti år siden, jeg kom til at bo i Shizuoka.	It is ten years since I came to live in Shizuoka.
Babyen holdt op med at græde.	The baby ceased crying.
Jeg blev gennemblødt at sejle ned ad floden.	I got soaked boating downriver.
Du løb ind i ham tidligere, ikke?	You ran into him earlier, didn't you?
Du må hellere lave en reservation på forhånd.	You had better make a reservation in advance.
Prisen for et sæde på forreste række er 5 dollars.	The charge for a front row seat is 5 dollars.
Sikkert.	Certainly.
Afskedsfesten finder sted i næste uge.	The farewell party will take place next week.
Jeg gik, indtil mine ben blev stive.	I walked till my legs got stiff.
Jeg er bange for, at tabet vil beløbe sig til hundrede millioner dollars.	I'm afraid the loss will amount to one hundred million dollars.
Du skal ikke tale dårligt om andre.	You should not speak ill of others.
Du skal komme personligt.	You are supposed to come in person.
Du må ikke komme ind i køkkenet.	You must not come into the kitchen.
Jeg kan forsikre dig om, at chancerne er i din favør.	I can assure you that chances are in your favor.
Vi marcherede under et hagl af kugler.	We marched under a hail of bullets.
For skam!	For shame!
Jeg er ked af, at jeg er forsinket, men der har været meget arbejde at gøre.	I'm sorry I am late, but there's been a lot of work to do.
Du må undskylde over for hende for at komme for sent.	You must apologize to her for coming late.
Kina er tyve gange så stort som Japan.	China is twenty times as large as Japan.
Du behøver ikke at medbringe din frokost.	You do not have to bring your lunch.
Du vil skade dig selv, hvis du ikke er forsigtig.	You will hurt yourself if you're not careful.
Da jeg spurgte hende, om hun var træt efter den lange gåtur, sagde hun, "en slags."	When I asked her if she was tired after the long walk, she said, "sort of."
Du har kun lavet få stavefejl.	You have made only a few spelling mistakes.
Hr. Tanaka er læge, ikke?	Mr Tanaka is a doctor, isn't he?
Jeg blev helt kvalt, da jeg hørte Ryos stemme over telefonen.	I got all choked up when I heard the voice of Ryo over the telephone.
Nogle elever går i skole til fods, og andre med bus.	Some students go to school on foot, and others by bus.
Om efteråret opbevarer nogle dyr mad til vinteren.	In autumn, some animals store food away for the winter.
Om vinteren bliver vores læber sprukne.	In winter, our lips get chapped.
Bliver det fair i Tokyo i morgen?	Will it be fair in Tokyo tomorrow?
Naturligt.	Naturally.
Det blev ikke nævnt under diskussionen.	It wasn't mentioned during the discussion.
Månen og stjernerne skinnede over os.	The moon and stars were shining above us.
Du skal passe på, når du krydser vejen.	You must take care when you cross the road.
Du leder vejen, og jeg vil følge dig.	You lead the way and I will follow you.
Du må ikke glemme din matematik lærebog igen.	You must not forget your math textbook again.
Den japanske yen steg.	The Japanese yen appreciated.
Japan er et rigt land.	Japan is a rich country.
Forbryderen blev sendt i eksil.	The criminal was sent into exile.
Du er uden tvivl klar over hans fravær.	You are doubtless aware of his absence.
Fortæl mig, hvordan han smilede til dig.	Tell me how he smiled at you.
Du tager fejl, hvis du tror, ​​han tager fejl.	You are mistaken if you think he is wrong.
Du kan stole på, at han er punktlig.	You can rely upon his being punctual.
Du skal ikke lade ham slippe af sted med at snyde.	You shouldn't let him get away with cheating.
Han var næsten ikke færdig med morgenmaden, da telefonen ringede.	He had hardly finished breakfast when the telephone rang.
Du kan regne med, at han fortæller sandheden.	You can count on him to tell the truth.
Du må hellere være klar, hvis han kommer.	You had better be ready in case he comes.
Du bliver nødt til at undskylde, når du ser ham.	You will have to apologize when you see him.
Du skal ikke sige så uhøflige ting til ham.	You shouldn't say such rude things to him.
Han har en gave til musik.	He has a gift for music.
Har han nogen erfaring med landbrug?	Has he got any experience of farming?
Du kan ikke forhindre ham i at drikke.	You cannot prevent him from drinking.
Du kan stole på hans dokumenterede evner.	You can rely on his proven ability.
Hans kendskab til engelsk er ringe.	His knowledge of English is poor.
Hans engelske komposition har ni fejl i lige så mange linjer.	His English composition has nine mistakes in as many lines.
Du skal være opmærksom på, hvad han siger.	You should pay attention to what he says.
Du skulle have svaret på hans brev.	You should have replied to his letter.
Du har fuldstændig ret med hensyn til hans karakter.	You are absolutely right about his character.
Hans ambition er at spille rollen som Hamlet.	His ambition is to play the part of Hamlet.
Hans bøger er nærmest ubrugelige.	His books are next to useless.
Hans papir er min overlegen.	His paper is superior to mine.
Du skulle have lyttet mere omhyggeligt til ham.	You should have listened to him more carefully.
Han har ligget syg i sengen i en uge.	He has been ill in bed for a week.
Hans mor sagde, at han havde ligget syg i sengen i fem uger.	His mother said that he had been ill in bed for five weeks.
Han skrev en biografi om en berømt digter.	He wrote a biography of a famous poet.
Han kunne lide Ann, men det gjorde hans forældre ikke.	He liked Ann, but his parents didn't.
Han er altid generøs over for fattige mennesker.	He is always generous to poor people.
Han sov på ansigtet.	He was sleeping on his face.
Han rejste sig for at se kampen bedre.	He stood up to see the game better.
Han drikker sin kaffe sort hver gang.	He drinks his coffee black every time.
Han ville tage imod tilbuddet, men tænkte sig bedre om.	He was going to accept the offer, but thought better of it.
Han drak af foråret.	He drank from the spring.
Han var ikke i stand til at åbne kassen.	He was not able to open the box.
Han skyndte sig, for at han ikke skulle misse toget.	He hurried so that he wouldn't miss the train.
Han kunne ikke godt fransk.	He could not speak French well.
Han elsker filmene.	He adores the movies.
Han er en stor elsker af musik.	He is a great lover of music.
Han har privilegier som medlemskab.	He has the privileges of membership.
Han er taget på ferie til Middelhavet.	He's gone on holiday to the Mediterranean.
Han er på hospitalet i øjeblikket.	He is in the hospital at present.
I sin hast lod han døren stå åben.	In his haste he left the door open.
Du skal passe på ikke at genere ham.	You should be careful not to bother him.
Han gjorde sit bedste, men forgæves.	He did his best, but in vain.
Han kan lide en gåtur.	He likes a walk.
Hver gang han går ud at gå, tager han sin hund med.	Whenever he goes out for a walk, he takes his dog with him.
Han kunne ikke bestå eksamen.	He couldn't pass the examination.
Han gav mig et ring ved midnat.	He gave me a ring at midnight.
Han er reserveret af natur.	He is reserved by nature.
Han mistede uret, som han havde købt dagen før.	He lost the watch which he had bought the day before.
Han løber.	He does run.
Han kan godt lide at være en intellektuel.	He likes to posture as an intellectual.
Han vendte halvvejs tilbage.	He turned back halfway.
Han tog sin egen medicin.	He took his own medicine.
Han var træt af at læse.	He was tired from reading.
Han badede og klædte sig på.	He bathed and dressed.
Han glædede sig over at drille killingen.	He took delight in teasing the kitten.
Han opdrætter kvæg på sin gård.	He is breeding cattle on his farm.
Han kaldte på sin hest, mens han klatrede op på sit sæde.	He would call to his horse as he climbed into his seat.
Han kunne ikke komme på grund af sin sygdom.	He couldn't come on account of his illness.
Han blev født af fattige forældre.	He was born to poor parents.
Han er fattig og kunne ikke købe sig en frakke.	He's poor, and couldn't buy himself a coat.
Han var ved at blive glemsom, hvilket generede ham meget.	He was becoming forgetful, which bothered him a lot.
Han havde travlt med at lave et teleskop.	He was busy making a telescope.
Han lå på en sofa med lukkede øjne.	He lay on a sofa, his eyes closed.
Han er vant til at sidde oppe sent om natten.	He is used to sitting up late at night.
Han trak af al sin styrke, men klippen ville ikke røre sig.	He pulled with all his strength, but the rock would not move.
De har været gift i fire år.	They have been married for four years.
De klatrede op på toppen af ​​en klippe.	They climbed to the top of a cliff.
De gik langs vejen tre på linje.	They walked along the road three abreast.
De giftede sig juleaften.	They married on Christmas Eve.
De må hellere forbedre deres rapport, ellers bliver den ikke accepteret.	They'd better beef up their report or it won't be accepted.
Det er usandsynligt, at de bliver gift.	They are unlikely to marry.
De levede et lykkeligt liv.	They lived a happy life.
De blev gift for nylig.	They got married recently.
De havde ingen anden udvej end at undskylde.	They had no other recourse but to apologize.
De forsøger at organisere et nyt politisk parti.	They are trying to organize a new political party.
De satte ild til deres nabos hus som hævn.	They set fire to their neighbour's house in revenge.
De føler en mærkelig affinitet med hinanden.	They feel a strange affinity with each other.
De vidste det ikke selv.	They didn't know it themselves.
Du burde have vidst bedre end at stole på ham.	You should have known better than to trust him.
Du kan ikke forveksle ham med hans yngre bror.	You can't mistake him for his younger brother.
Du kan altid stole på, at hun hjælper.	You can always depend upon her to help.
Sådan noget skulle du ikke have fortalt hende.	You shouldn't have told her such a thing.
Du burde undskylde over for hende for at være uhøflig.	You should apologize to her for being rude.
Du skulle have bedt hende om hjælp.	You should have asked her for help.
Du burde have været opmærksom på hendes advarsel.	You should have paid attention to her warning.
Det er modigt af dig at stille spørgsmålstegn ved hendes forslag.	It is bold of you to question her proposal.
Du bør tage hensyn til hendes alder.	You should make allowances for her age.
Hun har verdensrekorden på de hundrede meter.	She holds the world record for the hundred meters.
Hun gik i gang med at skrive essayet.	She set about writing the essay.
Hun blev opdraget af sin bedstemor.	She was raised by her grandmother.
Hun skænkede te op for sine besøgende.	She poured out tea for her visitors.
Hun lukkede hurtigt killingen ind i en kurv.	She quickly shut the kitten into a basket.
Hun behøvede ikke at have betalt pengene.	She needn't have paid the money.
Hun var forfærdet over nyheden.	She was dismayed at the news.
Hun nægtede at lege med den og sad bare der og så sur ud.	She refused to play with it, and just sat there looking angry.
Hun chatter stadig væk.	She's still chatting away.
Hun taler, som om hun vidste alt under solen.	She talks as if she knew everything under the sun.
Hun studerer altid at lytte til musik.	She always studies listening to music.
Hun satte sit værelse i stand, inden hendes gæster ankom.	She put her room in order before her guests arrived.
Hun mente, at jeg skulle være læge.	She supposed me to be a doctor.
Hun fik et stort forskud for sin næste roman.	She received a large advance for her next novel.
Hun ser ud til at have været glad, da hun var ung.	She seems to have been happy when she was young.
Er hun lig med en lang rejse?	Is she equal to a long journey?
Hun fik en smuk kjole på.	She got a beautiful dress on.
Hun er stolt af sin skønhed.	She prides herself on her beauty.
Hun lagde ikke mærke til, hvad hendes far sagde.	She took no notice of what her father said.
Hun konfronterede problemet, som syntes svært at forstå.	She confronted the problem, which seemed hard to understand.
Hun ville skilles.	She wanted to get a divorce.
Flyet letter klokken 8.00.	The plane takes off at 8:00 a.m.
Jeg plejer at tage størrelse otte sko.	I usually take size eight shoes.
Hans far havde stillet det samme spørgsmål, det år han var fjorten.	His father had asked the same question the year he was fourteen.
Far styrer butikken.	Father manages the store.
Min far er ekspert kirurg.	My father is an expert surgeon.
Vinden væltede et stort antal træer.	The wind brought down a large number of trees.
Du må hellere tage et bad for at blive varm.	You had better take a bath to get warm.
Du skal ikke dømme en person efter hans tøj.	You should not judge a person by his clothes.
Du skulle have konsulteret din advokat.	You should have consulted your lawyer.
Glem ikke at poste brevene.	Please don't forget to post the letters.
Vi er ikke altid hjemme om søndagen.	We are not always at home on Sundays.
Jeg foretrækker at rejse med tog frem for at flyve.	I prefer travelling by train to flying.
Jeg tog til hende i det øjeblik, jeg mødte hende.	I took to her the moment I met her.
Jeg foretog en lang rejse sidste år.	I made a long journey last year.
Vi væmmes over hans dårlige manerer.	We are disgusted by his bad manners.
Du kan høre hende synge hver morgen.	You can hear her singing every morning.
Vi skal til dans i morgen.	We are going to a dance tomorrow.
Det vil have sneet i fem dage i morgen.	It will have been snowing for five days tomorrow.
Jeg håber, at det er godt i morgen.	I hope that it is fine tomorrow.
Du kan beholde dette bånd til i morgen.	You can keep this tape until tomorrow.
Jeg er færdig med mit arbejde i morgen.	I will be through with my work by tomorrow.
Du behøver ikke være færdig i morgen.	You needn't finish it by tomorrow.
Det bliver også fint i morgen.	It will be fine tomorrow, too.
Jeg skal også på universitetet i morgen.	I will go to the university tomorrow, too.
Jeg bliver hjemme, hvis det regner i morgen.	I will stay home if it rains tomorrow.
Jeg ved ikke, om det vil regne i morgen eller ej.	I don't know if it will rain tomorrow or not.
Jeg ved ikke, om det vil regne i morgen.	I do not know if it will rain tomorrow.
Jeg ved ikke, om det vil regne i morgen.	I don't know if it will rain tomorrow.
Hvis det regner i morgen, tager vi ikke dertil.	If it rains tomorrow, we'll not go there.
Hvis det regner i morgen, bliver jeg hjemme hele dagen.	If it rains tomorrow, I will stay at home all day.
Vi skal til eksamen i engelsk i morgen.	We are going to have an examination in English tomorrow.
Man ved aldrig, hvad der sker i morgen.	You never know what will happen tomorrow.
Man ved ikke, hvad der sker i morgen.	There is no knowing what will happen tomorrow.
Du vil kunne se hende i morgen.	You will be able to see her tomorrow.
Hvad med at tage en tur til Lake Yamanaka med os i morgen?	How about going for a drive to Lake Yamanaka with us tomorrow?
Jeg er forlovet i morgen, så jeg har sørget for, at en anden tager min plads.	I'm engaged tomorrow, so I've arranged for someone else to take my place.
Jeg skal til tandlægen i morgen.	I am going to see the dentist tomorrow.
Hvis det er fint i morgen, tager vi på picnic.	If it is fine tomorrow, we'll go on a picnic.
Jeg ved ikke, om det bliver godt i morgen.	I don't know if it will be fine tomorrow.
Jeg håber det bliver fint i morgen.	I hope it will be fine tomorrow.
Vi bestiger bjerget, hvis det er fint i morgen.	We'll climb the mountain if it is fine tomorrow.
Hvis det er fint i morgen, vil jeg sejle med mine venner.	If it is fine tomorrow, I will go sailing with my friends.
Jeg går en tur, hvis det er dejligt i morgen.	I will go for a walk if it is nice tomorrow.
Jeg tager til Tokyo i morgen.	I am leaving for Tokyo tomorrow.
Kan du minde mig om at ringe til min akademiske rådgiver kl. 21.00. i morgen?	Could you remind me to call my academic advisor at 9:00 p.m. tomorrow?
Det er godt, at du ikke skal studere så hårdt.	It is good that you do not have to study so hard.
Synes du ikke, det er uhøfligt at give folk sådan et kortfattet svar?	Don't you think it's rude to give people such a curt reply like that?
Kiso-floden kaldes ofte for Rhinen i Japan.	The Kiso River is often called the Rhine of Japan.
Spørgsmålet er, om hun kan stole på.	The question is whether she can be trusted.
Der er en mand ved porten, der vil se dig.	There is a man at the gate who wants to see you.
Det er meget varmt om natten.	It is very hot at night.
Jeg studerer mange timer om natten.	I study for many hours at night.
Det må have regnet i løbet af natten; vejen er våd.	It must have rained during the night; the road is wet.
Jeg taler sjældent eller aldrig i telefon før sent om aftenen.	I rarely, if ever, talk on the phone till late at night.
Dr. Hideo Noguchi døde i Afrika i 1928.	Dr. Hideo Noguchi died in Africa in 1928.
Nogle børn kan ikke lide grøntsager.	Some children do not like vegetables.
Jeg tog en taxa, så jeg var i tide til aftalen.	I took a taxi so that I would be in time for the appointment.
Det er betænksomt af dig at minde mig om mit løfte.	It is thoughtful of you to remind me of my promise.
Det er rigtigt, at vi ikke kan være for omhyggelige med at vælge vores venner.	It is true that we cannot be too careful choosing our friends.
Jeg havde ikke set min ven i over tyve år.	I hadn't seen my friend for over twenty years.
Det er svært at bevise, at der findes spøgelser.	It is difficult to prove that ghosts exist.
Den er gyldig indtil marts enogtredive, nitten-halvfems-syvog.	It's valid until March thirty-first, nineteen-ninety-seven.
Den berømte pianist smilede.	The famous pianist smiled.
Den berømte forfatter skabte endnu en bestsellerbog.	The famous author created another best-selling book.
Promenaden løber parallelt med kysten.	The promenade runs parallel to the shore.
Jeg vil informere posthuset om ændringen af ​​min adresse.	I am going to inform the post office of the change of my address.
Posthuset ligger nede ad gaden.	The post office is down the street.
Du kan ikke gå glip af det.	You cannot miss it.
Du skal lave dit hjemmearbejde før aftensmaden.	You are to do your homework before supper.
Vi landede ved Narita lidt bagud.	We landed at Narita a little behind schedule.
Et spædbarn er ikke i stand til at tale, så det skriger bare, indtil det får, hvad det vil have.	An infant is not capable of speaking, so it just screams until it gets what it wants.
Vi vil også kunne opdrætte køer og får.	We will be able to raise cows and sheep, too.
Jeg vil give dig alt, hvad du ønsker.	I will give you anything you want.
Det var først næste morgen, at vi vidste kendsgerningen.	It was not till the next morning that we knew the fact.
Jeg rejser til Australien i næste måned.	I will be leaving for Australia next month.
Vi hæver huslejen i næste måned.	We will increase the rent next month.
Jeg flytter i næste måned.	I am moving next month.
Vi skal have en baby i næste måned.	We are going to have a baby next month.
Jeg betaler dig tilbage en uge fra i dag, altså den 21. juli.	I'll pay you back a week from today, that is, on July 21.
Jeg har fri næste lørdag.	I will be free next Saturday.
Jeg rejser til Marokko i næste uge.	I will be leaving for Morocco next week.
Jeg er i Tokyo på forretningsrejse i næste uge.	I'll be in Tokyo on business next week.
Jeg overvejer at tage til Kobe i næste uge.	I am thinking of going to Kobe next week.
Jeg skal til Tokyo i næste uge.	I am supposed to go to Tokyo next week.
Du vil have læst engelsk i fire år i marts næste år.	You will have studied English for four years next March.
På dette tidspunkt næste år vil du have besøgt næsten alle de berømte steder i Japan.	By this time next year, you will have visited almost all the famous places in Japan.
Jeg overvejer at tage til Canada næste år.	I'm thinking of going to Canada next year.
Du bliver nødt til at studere hårdere næste år.	You will have to study harder next year.
Jeg skal arbejde i Osaka næste år.	I am going to work in Osaka next year.
Blomsten er din til at spørge.	The flower is yours for the asking.
Hvis jeg ikke fejler, får jeg mit kørekort inden nytår.	If I don't fail, I will get my driving license before New Year.
Faldet er ikke så voldsomt efter sæsonjustering.	The decline isn't so sharp after seasonal adjustment.
Efter stormen var vejen spærret af væltede træer.	After the storm, the road was blocked with fallen trees.
Stedet er ikke tilgængeligt fra land.	The place is not accessible by land.
Apropos rejser, har du nogensinde været i Kobe?	Speaking about trips, have you ever been to Kobe?
Begge mine forældre spiller ikke golf.	Both of my parents do not play golf.
Hvad bliver der af børnene nu, hvor begge forældre er døde?	What will become of the children now that both parents are dead?
Du kan ikke være for god ved dine forældre.	You cannot be too good to your parents.
Forældrene har opdraget barnet godt.	The parents have brought up the child well.
Mine forældre forventer, at jeg kommer ind på universitetet.	My parents expect me to enter the university.
Det er let at skelne godt fra ondt.	It is easy to distinguish good from evil.
Jeg gik tidligt hjemmefra for at få en god plads.	I left home early to get a good seat.
Håber du havde en god fødselsdag.	Hope you had a good birthday.
Jeg kommer og ser dig, når jeg bliver rask.	I will come and see you when I get well.
Hvis vi forener vores indsats, vil vi være i stand til at afslutte dette.	If we unite our efforts, we will be able to finish this.
Selvom det tager mig hele dagen, vil jeg skrive.	Even if it takes me the whole day, I will do the typing.
Toget brølede gennem tunnelen.	The train roared through the tunnel.
Toget er inde.	The train is in.
Det er ikke mere end fire minutter herfra med tog.	It's no more than four minutes from here by train.
Toget gik klokken ti, så det skulle være ankommet til Osaka nu.	The train left at ten, so it should have arrived in Osaka by now.
Toget skulle ankomme til Osaka klokken ti.	The train should arrive at Osaka by ten.
Toget var så overfyldt, at jeg måtte stå helt til Ueno.	The train was so crowded that I had to stand all the way to Ueno.
Hvornår når toget Osaka?	What time does the train reach Osaka?
Jeg vil tjekke hvornår toget ankommer.	I will check what time the train arrives.
Toget ankom til Osaka station.	The train arrived at Osaka station.
Trafikulykker sker dagligt.	Traffic accidents happen daily.
En gammel mand talte pludselig til mig.	An old man spoke to me suddenly.
Du kan ikke lave mursten uden halm.	You cannot make bricks without straw.
Hvordan har du det med Golfkrigen?	How do you feel about the Gulf War?
Jeg var ikke klar over, at en myg bed min arm.	I was not aware of a mosquito biting my arm.
Men fordi luftfugteren er tændt hele natten, løber kondensvandet ud af vinduerne om morgenen.	But because the humidifier is on all night, in the morning the condensation pours off the windows.
Hvorfor tager vi ikke en tur rundt på øen med denne oksevogn?	Why don't we take a ride round the island on this ox carriage?
Lad være med at snige sig ud af koncerten!	Don't sneak out of the concert!
Det er det, jeg vil sige.	That's what I want to say.
Det er vigtigt, at der opnås en form for kompromis mellem Pyongyang og Washington.	It is essential that some kind of compromise be reached between Pyongyang and Washington.
Først vil vi præsentere et andragende til borgmesteren og indsamle underskrifter.	First, we will present a petition to the mayor and collect signatures.
Rusland udtrykker beklagelse over de tabte i gidselhændelsen.	Russia expresses regret for those lost in the hostage incident.
Jeg blev ved med at sige "Lad os stoppe", men hun drænede kop efter kop vin -- og nu, som du kan se, er hun helt fuld.	I kept saying "Let's stop" but she drained cup after cup of wine -- and now, as you can see, she's completely drunk.
Der er et sted, der hedder Kuchiwa i Hiroshima.	There's a place called Kuchiwa in Hiroshima.
Min kone fødte for tidligt en pige på 1.500 gram.	My wife gave birth prematurely to a 1,500-gram baby girl.
Min mand har to ældre brødre.	My husband has two older brothers.
(Det er rigtigt, jeg er en tredje søns kone)	(That's right, I'm a third-son's wife)
Det er svært at leve med viden om, at du er en fiasko.	It's hard to live with the knowledge that you are a failure.
Drengen blev bortvist fra musikskolen, da han var 12.	The boy was expelled from music school when he was 12.
Jeg kender ikke fortiden, men nu har vi faxer og e-mails.	I don't know about the past, but now we have faxes and emails.
Vi tilbragte hele dagen i Yoyogi Park.	We spent the entire day in Yoyogi Park.
Den japanske økonomi gennemgår en periode med stor stress.	The Japanese economy is going through a period of great stress.
Der er evner, der forbedres hurtigt, og dem, der forbedres langsomt, er der ikke?	There are abilities that improve rapidly and those that improve slowly, aren't there?
Det, som Alice, der ventede på et svar, stod over for, var et pludseligt hyl.	What Alice, waiting for a reply, was faced with was a sudden howl.
Det var en rungende lyd, skarp som til at sprænge hendes trommehinder, høj som at nå til himlen.	It was a resounding noise, sharp as to burst her ear drums, loud as to reach unto the heavens.
I morgen aften skal jeg til Narita lufthavn.	Tomorrow night, I am going to Narita airport.
Han var en mand, der var selve billedet på hendes idealer.	He was a man who was the very picture of her ideals.
Hvorfor Gud tillader denne slags handlinger fra Satans side, er forklaret i Jobs Bog i Bibelen.	Why God allows these sorts of actions by Satan is explained in the Book of Job in the Bible.
Jeg er kineser.	I am Chinese.
Sasha og Malia!	Sasha and Malia!
Jeg elsker jer begge mere end I kan forestille jer.	I love you both more than you can imagine.
Og du har tjent den nye hvalp, der kommer med os til Det Hvide Hus.	And you have earned the new puppy that's coming with us to the White House.
Min søster er glad for musik.	My sister is fond of music.
Hvor er telefonbogen?	Where is the telephone book?
Godt spørgsmål!	Good question!
Jeg vil til Tokyo.	I want to go to Tokyo.
Næste sommer vil jeg til Hawaii.	Next summer, I want to go to Hawaii.
Det sner.	It snows.
Disse blomster kan ses omkring Hokkaido.	These flowers can be seen around Hokkaido.
Så snart klokken ringede, kom læreren ind i klasseværelset.	As soon as the bell rang, the teacher came into the classroom.
Straks efter klokken ringede, kom læreren ind i klasseværelset.	Immediately after the bell rang, the teacher came into the classroom.
Lige efter at læreren var færdig med timen, ringede klokken.	Right after the teacher finished the class, the bell rang.
Det burde du undskylde til hende for.	You should apologize to her for that.
Han har ikke en cykel.	He hasn't got a bicycle.
Vi slap af med musene i hans hus.	We got rid of the mice in his house.
Du tog fejl i at takke nej til hans hjælp.	You were wrong to turn down his help.
Du tog fejl i at nægte hans hjælp.	You were wrong to refuse his help.
Jeg forstår ikke, hvad du prøver at sige.	I don't understand what you are trying to say.
At mestre engelsk er svært.	Mastering English is difficult.
De to drenge har omtrent samme evner i engelsk.	Those two boys have about the same ability in English.
Folk er tilbøjelige til at tage det for givet, at professorer kan tale engelsk.	People are apt to take it for granted that professors can speak English.
Vores engelsklærer er både streng og venlig.	Our English teacher is both strict and kind.
Jeg bruger ikke meget tid på at forberede mig til engelskundervisning.	I don't spend much time preparing for English classes.
Jeg studerer matematik hårdere, end jeg studerer engelsk.	I study math harder than I study English.
Jeg studerer matematik mere seriøst, end jeg studerer engelsk.	I study math more seriously than I study English.
Engelsk er tredje periode.	English is third period.
Vi spillede på Themsens bred.	We played on the banks of the Thames.
Japan er for det meste et dejligt sted at bo.	Japan, for the most part, is a lovely place to live.
Japan er for det meste et godt sted at bo.	Japan, for the most part, is a good place to live.
Vi havde ikke til hensigt at angribe ham.	We didn't intend to attack him.
Japanere spiser tre måltider om dagen.	Japanese eat three meals a day.
En 40- eller 50-årig er en snotnæset møgunge.	A 40- or 50-year-old is a snot-nosed brat.
Alle disse møder er på engelsk.	All of these meetings are in English.
Jeg har altid holdt mine løfter.	I have always kept my promises.
Jeg beder til, at du må have held og lykke.	I pray that you will have the best of luck.
Motorvejen var spærret på grund af en større ulykke.	The motorway was closed due to a major accident.
Motorvej M1 forbinder London med Leeds.	The M1 motorway connects London to Leeds.
Trier er den ældste by i Tyskland.	Trier is the oldest city in Germany.
Der er mange hjorte i Nara.	There are a lot of deer in Nara.
Efter min mening er tysk det bedste sprog i verden.	In my opinion, German is the best language in the world.
Uden dit råd ville jeg have fejlet.	Without your advice, I would have failed.
Vi boede i Osaka i ti år, før vi kom til Tokyo.	We lived in Osaka for ten years before we came to Tokyo.
Før denne bil kørte jeg en Nissan.	Before this car, I drove a Nissan.
Du burde skamme dig over din dumhed.	You should be ashamed of your stupidity.
Jeg vil være der i morgen.	I will be there tomorrow.
Jeg mødte en amerikansk pige.	I met an American girl.
Vi er alle overbevist om, at han er skyldig.	We are all convinced that he's guilty.
Han bor i en lejlighed.	He lives in a flat.
Tag mig venligst til Grand Hotel.	Please take me to the Grand Hotel.
Det barn blev efterladt i solen for længe.	That child was left in the sun too long.
Om morgenen lægger vi vores futoner væk.	In the morning, we put away our futons.
Der er et stort supermarked.	There is a large supermarket.
En rulle farvefilm, tak.	One roll of color film, please.
Venligst lad være med at købe det.	Please do not buy it.
Hvor end du går, vil jeg følge med.	Wherever you go, I will follow.
Tag venligst til San Francisco.	Please go to San Francisco.
Hvis du kommer tilbage klokken fem, kan du gå.	If you come back by five, you may go.
Klokken er snart seks.	It'll soon be six o'clock.
At komme ind i en varm kilde ved Norikura er fantastisk.	Getting into a hot spring at Norikura is great.
Jeg er fjerdeårsstuderende på Hyogo University.	I'm a fourth-year student at Hyogo University.
Finalens eneste mål blev scoret af Andrés Iniesta.	The final's only goal was scored by Andrés Iniesta.
Jeg blev helt kvalt, da jeg hørte Ryos stemme i telefonen.	I got all choked up when I heard Ryo's voice on the telephone.
Du burde ikke læse en bog i et så mørkt rum.	You shouldn't read a book in a room this dim.
Hvor mange engelske ord kender du cirka?	About how many English words do you know?
At læse bøger er min hobby.	Reading books is my hobby.
Vi forvekslede ham med en amerikaner.	We mistook him for an American.
Hvilken perron kører toget i centrum fra?	What platform does the downtown train leave from?
Mine planer mislykkedes den ene efter den anden.	My plans failed one after the other.
Jeg er en person, der blev født i Showa-æraen.	I'm a person who was born during the Showa era.
Du er den eneste, der kan bære tasken.	You are the only one who can carry the bag.
Den syges liv er i fare.	That sick person's life is in danger.
Jeg har en søn og en datter.	I have a son and a daughter.
Min søn er i New York, og min datter er i London.	My son is in New York, and my daughter is in London.
Da den er skrevet på enkelt engelsk, er denne bog let at læse.	Since it's written in simple English, this book is easy to read.
Jeg er ligeglad, hvis jeg gør!	I don't mind if I do!
Næste stop er "Berlins hovedbanegård".	The next stop is "Berlin Central Station".
Du skal bruge en unbrakonøgle for at åbne den.	You'll need an Allen key to open it.
Denne plæneklipper kører på benzin.	This lawn mower runs on petrol.
Du er en rigtig lille slyngel!	You're a right little rascal!
Du kan ikke parkere på fortovet.	You can't park on the pavement.
Claudia misunder Lucy.	Klava envied Lyusya.
Pylonen var ved at kollapse.	The pylon was about to collapse.
I 1950'erne kaldte canadiske mødre, der skældte deres børn ud, dem ved deres fulde navn.	In the 1950s, Canadian mothers who scolded their children called them by their full names.
Planlægger du at tage til Tokyo med bus?	Do you plan to go to Tokyo by bus?
Selvom der grammatisk ikke er noget galt med denne sætning, tvivler jeg på, om nogen faktisk nogensinde ville bruge den.	Though grammatically there is nothing wrong with this sentence, I doubt if anyone would actually ever use it.
Globaliseringen har ført til 24-timers handel.	Globalisation has led to 24-hour trading.
Har du husket at slukke for komfuret?	Did you remember to turn the cooker off?
Det, der er svært ved japansk, er skrivesystemet.	What is difficult about Japanese is the writing system.
I morgen vil det regne i det sydlige England.	Tomorrow it will rain in the south of England.
Tag et ark papir og skriv!	Take a sheet of paper and write!
Dette er et ikke-ryger rum.	This is a non-smoking compartment.
Trafikken var ved at opbygge bag grusen.	Traffic was building up behind the gritter.
Influenza, mæslinger, kopper og skoldkopper er smitsomme og smitsomme sygdomme.	Influenza, measles, pox and chickenpox are infectious and contagious diseases.
Hvornår blev kartoflen introduceret i Japan?	When was the potato introduced into Japan?
Han mister altid sin mobil.	He's always losing his mobile.
Det er svært at forstå Osaka-dialekten.	It's hard to understand the Osaka dialect.
Jeg vil til London.	I want to go to London.
Du skulle også have set den film.	You, too, should have seen that movie.
Vi synes, Venedig er en fascinerende by.	We think Venice is a fascinating city.
Der er stor efterspørgsel på benzin.	There is a great demand for petrol.
Mit jakkesæt er gråt.	My suit is grey.
Det, du tænker på at flytte, behøver ikke at blive flyttet.	What you are thinking about moving doesn't need to be moved.
Den digter boede her i lidt over 20 år.	That poet lived here a little over 20 years.
Vejret var fantastisk.	The weather was magnificent.
Jeg tænkte, at jeg ville tage dertil på cykel, men det begyndte at regne.	I was thinking that I would go there by bicycle, but it began to rain.
Jeg afslutter arbejdet om en uge, altså den femte maj.	I'll finish the work in a week, that is, on May fifth.
Jeg giver dig besked om min beslutning, når jeg har konsulteret min advokat.	I'll let you know my decision after I have consulted my lawyer.
Jeg betaler dig tilbage en uge fra i dag, altså den 21. juli.	I'll pay you back a week from today, that is, on July 21st.
Du er en travl mand, så jeg tilpasser min tidsplan til din.	You are a busy man, so I will adjust my schedule to yours.
Her er den endelige dagsorden for mødet den 16. juni.	Here is the final agenda for the meeting on June 16th.
Jeg ville gøre alt for at hjælpe jer begge.	I would do anything to help you both.
Da toget var overfyldt, stod jeg hele vejen til Kyoto.	Since the train was crowded, I stood all the way to Kyoto.
Vi er alle dumme, bare om forskellige emner.	We are all stupid, just on different subjects.
Eksempler kan tages fra kursusmaterialerne, eller det kan være tekster, du selv har fundet.	Examples can be taken from the course materials, or can be texts you've found yourself.
Jeg tog til Sendai og skyndte mig tilbage.	I went to Sendai and hurried right back.
Jeg tog til Sendai og kom lige tilbage uden at blive der natten over.	I went to Sendai and came right back without staying there overnight.
Undlad venligst at ryge for meget.	Please don't smoke too much.
John G. Roberts er øverste dommer i den amerikanske højesteret.	John G. Roberts is the Chief Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court.
Desværre er suppen kun lunken.	Unfortunately, the soup is only lukewarm.
Hvis der ikke var nogen sol, ville vi ikke kunne leve.	If there was no sun, we would not be able to live.
I tilfælde af brand ville jeg gribe min fløjte og flygte.	In case of fire, I would grab my flute and escape.
Det engelske hold slog det brasilianske hold i den internationale fodboldturnering.	The English team beat the Brazilian team in the international soccer tournament.
Hun har bestået en engelsk eksamen.	She's passed an English exam.
Stimuleringspakken blev stærkt kritiseret.	The stimulus package was heavily criticised.
Hun elsker sin hvalp, og hvalpen er virkelig elskelig.	She loves her puppy, and the puppy is really lovable.
Øllet er forældet.	The beer is stale.
Måske en anden gang.	Maybe some other time.
Har du den på lager?	Have you got that in stock?
Jeg lærte det af ham.	I learnt it from him.
Italienerne drikker aldrig kaffe.	The Italians never drink coffee.
Det er middag.	It is midday.
Har huset en have?	Has the house got a garden?
Har lejligheden en have?	Has the flat got a garden?
Har lejligheden tre soveværelser?	Has the flat got three bedrooms?
Har lejligheden en garage?	Has the flat got a garage?
Er morgenmad inkluderet i prisen?	Is breakfast included in the price?
Postbuddet var ved godt mod her til morgen.	The postman was in good spirits this morning.
En sygeplejerske bragte mig noget brød og kaffe, men brødet var gammelt, og kaffen smagte af sæbe.	A nurse brought me some bread and coffee, but the bread was stale and the coffee tasted of soap.
Vinduesviskere er ubrugelige mod is.	Windscreen wipers are useless against ice.
Min yndlingssangerinde er Kylie Minogue.	My favorite singer is Kylie Minogue.
Kan du fortælle mig, hvorfor du kom for sent?	Could you please tell me why you were late?
USA ligger ved siden af ​​Canada.	The United States is next to Canada.
Du kan tage fra Washington til New York med tog.	You can go from Washington to New York by train.
Du kan komme fra Washington til New York med tog.	You can get from Washington to New York by train.
Mange studerende har ikke bestået testen.	Many a student has failed the test.
Hvis jeg havde haft lidt flere penge, havde jeg købt dem.	If I had had a little more money, I would have bought it.
Hvis jeg havde haft penge nok, ville jeg have købt den computer.	If I had had enough money, I would have bought that computer.
Vi holder en barbie.	We're having a barbie.
Shit!	Shit!
José viste sig som en person med dårlig karakter.	José showed himself to be a person of bad character.
Åh, selvfølgelig.	Oh, sure.
Hvilken film så du?	Which film did you see?
Jeg er sikker på, at din ikke helt kan sammenlignes med min.	I'm sure yours doesn't quite compare to mine.
Bøde.	Fine.
Hvor?	Where?
Giv eksempler.	Give examples.
Vi træner.	We exercise.
Der står en bil foran kirken.	There is a car in front of the church.
Følg mig!	Follow me!
Fælden er lavet af stærke kæder.	The trap is made of strong chains.
Alle pigerne synes, det er rigtigt.	All the girls think it is right.
Far blev fyret.	Father got laid off.
Flere og flere mennesker har computere i deres hjem.	More and more people have computers in their home.
De er i problemer.	They are in trouble.
Kan du hjælpe dem?	Can you help them?
Næste gang, gennemgå mere omhyggeligt.	Next time, review more carefully.
Klimaet i England er ikke så mildt som Japan, men om sommeren er det meget køligere.	The climate of England isn't as mild as Japan, but in the summer, it's much cooler.
Hvordan er dit efternavn skrevet?	How is your family name written?
Jeg giver dig en ny cykel til din fødselsdag.	I will give you a new bicycle for your birthday.
Du skal undskylde over for hende og gøre det med det samme.	You must apologize to her, and do it at once.
Du behøvede ikke at se ham til døren.	You didn't need to see him to the door.
Sådan noget skulle du ikke have fortalt ham.	You shouldn't have told him such a thing.
Du elsker kaffe.	You love coffee.
Jeg er gift med en polsk kvinde.	I am married to a Polish woman.
Felicja er hjemmehørende i Katowice.	Felicja is a native of Katowice.
Polen er et stort land.	Poland is a big country.
Den sjette premierminister i Malaysia er Dato' Seri Najib Abdul Razak.	The sixth Prime Minister of Malaysia is Dato' Seri Najib Abdul Razak.
Vi måtte rejse til Amerika med kort varsel.	We had to leave for America on short notice.
De smukkeste piger er fra Litauen.	The most beautiful girls are from Lithuania.
Læs ikke denne sætning.	Don't read this sentence.
Det ved jeg stadig ikke.	I still don't know that.
Vi værdsætter alt, hvad du har gjort.	We appreciate everything you have done.
Du kan aldrig sige, hvad der vil ske.	You never can tell what will happen.
Du kan virkelig stepdans rigtig godt.	You really do tap dance quite well.
Du taler virkelig godt engelsk.	You really do speak English quite well.
I januar samme år så vi sne i fire dage, fra den fjortende til den syttende.	In January of that year, we saw snow for four days, from the fourteenth to the seventeenth.
Hvis jeg havde vidst, at du var syg, kunne jeg have besøgt dig på hospitalet.	If I had known that you were sick, I could have visited you in the hospital.
Det var billigere, end jeg havde troet, det ville være.	It was cheaper than I had thought it would be.
Tanabata-festivalen kaldes ofte for stjernefestivalen.	The Tanabata Festival is often called the Star Festival.
Den 7. juli, festivaldagen, siges at være den eneste gang, hvor et par elskere, stjerner adskilt af Mælkevejen, kan se hinanden.	July 7th, the day of the festival, is said to be the only time when a pair of lovers, stars separated by the Milky Way, can see each other.
Han erstattede den skadede spiller.	He substituted the injured player.
Tom fortalte mig, at han kunne komme alle dage undtagen tirsdag.	Tom told me that he could come on any day but Tuesday.
Du behøvede ikke at skynde dig.	You didn't need to hurry.
Du kom her for tidligt alligevel.	You got here too early anyway.
Jeg måtte løbe helt ned ad den stejle bakke alene.	I had to run all the way down the steep hill alone.
Jeg ville ønske, jeg havde giftet mig med hende.	I wish I had married her.
Medbring dit studiekort!	Bring your student ID!
Mange mennesker i England ville gerne se monarkiets offentlige tilskud afskaffet.	Many people in England would like to see the public subsidy of the monarchy abolished.
Kaffe eller te?	Coffee or tea?
Mine øjne gør ondt!	My eyes hurt!
Hans skader er alle ydre.	His injuries are all external.
Tom ville forene sig, ikke splitte.	Tom wanted to unite, not divide.
Hans selvtilfredse opførsel er stødende.	His smug behavior is offensive.
Hans død gjorde alle kede af det.	His death made everyone sad.
Hans hus ligger tæt på floden.	His house is near the river.
Hans hus ligger tæt på en flod.	His house is near a river.
Hans hus ligger ved floden.	His house is by the river.
Hans idé er bedre end din.	His idea is better than yours.
Hans papir er bedre end mit.	His paper is better than mine.
Hans essay er bedre end mit.	His essay is better than mine.
Hans ønske var at tage til Amerika.	His wish was to go to America.
Vi ankom til Osaka i forgårs.	We arrived in Osaka the day before yesterday.
Har du fundet den paraply, du sagde, du havde mistet forleden?	Have you found the umbrella you said you had lost the other day?
Så vidt jeg ved, er hun ikke gået endnu.	As far as I know, she hasn't left yet.
Vil du have et glas?	Do you want a glass?
Der er en på bordet.	There is one on the table.
Hvad prøver du lige at gøre?	Just what are you trying to do?
Stop med at studere!	Stop studying!
Jeg vil kæmpe til døden.	I will fight to the death.
De lo alle sammen af ​​hans fejl.	They all laughed at his error.
Min lillebror ser tv.	My younger brother watches TV.
Eleven blev straffet for at ryge.	The student was punished for smoking.
Søen er fuld af fisk.	The lake is full of fish.
Hvordan kom du ind på mit værelse?	How did you enter my room?
Vi tilbyder dig chancen for at få uddannelse i de matematiske videnskaber.	We offer you the chance to obtain training in the mathematical sciences.
"Jeg kan ændre mig."	"I can change."
"Jeg vil ikke have, at du ændrer dig."	"I don't want you to change."
Kold kaffe er forfærdeligt!	Cold coffee is horrible!
Det er mit.	That is mine.
Jeg ved ikke, hvor din er.	I don't know where yours is.
Det kunne lægen have sagt.	The doctor might have said that.
Paracelsus efterlod en intens og langvarig indflydelse.	Paracelsus left an intense and long-lasting influence.
Hvorfor forlod Leonardo sit forskningsarbejde?	Why did Leonardo leave his research work undone?
Han er punktlig og diskret til at betale af på sin gæld.	He is punctual and discreet in paying off his debts.
Hvis vi kender hans ansigt, skylder vi ham det, siden han efterlod os sit selvportræt.	If we know his face, we owe it to him, since he left us his self-portrait.
Undersøgelser af disse organismer vil kaste nyt lys over søgen efter ny medicin.	Investigation of those organisms will shed new light on the search for new medicines.
Forfatteren troede ikke, at hans roman ville generere så mange fortolkninger.	The author didn't think his novel would generate so many interpretations.
Endnu en gang er fundamentalistiske ideologier modstandere af store historiske fremskridt.	Once more, fundamentalist ideologies are opposed to great historical advances.
Fire hundrede og tyve tusinde chilenere er regelmæssige brugere af online datingsider.	Four hundred and twenty thousand Chileans are regular users of online dating sites.
Energiministeren vil henvise til gårsdagens blackout.	The Minister of Energy will refer to yesterday's blackout.
Det er umuligt at komme forbi Normangarden.	It's impossible to get past the Norman Guard.
Hvis jeg vil have sex i halvfjerdserne, har jeg ret til et sted, der giver mig den fornøjelse.	If I want to have sex in my seventies, I have the right to a place that provides me that pleasure.
Jeg ved ikke, hvad den "visuelle hukommelse" handler om.	I don't know what that "visual memory" is about.
Latinamerikanske romaner er præget af deres kontraster.	Latin American novels are characterized by their contrasts.
Når jeg går herfra, vil jeg prøve ikke at slå noget ned.	When I leave here, I'll try not to knock anything down.
Træningsfluer lyder som rigtig sjovt.	Training flies sounds like great fun.
Det er en hvalpemølle, ikke et ordentligt ynglested.	It's a puppy mill, not a proper breeding place.
Intet tyder på, at der bliver gjort noget ved det.	Nothing indicates that there's going to be anything done about it.
Alt det skrammel får dig ikke ud af rodet.	All that junk is not going to get you out of the mess.
Dette væddemål vil ikke gå godt for mig.	This bet won't go well for me.
Har du ikke noget bedre at gøre end at komme her og klage?	Don't you have anything better to do than come here and complain?
Jeg er ikke fritaget for de lidelser, vi har været udsat for.	I'm not exempt from the afflictions we've been subjected to.
Jeg kunne kun mærke, hvordan kniven begravede sig i min ryg.	I could only feel how the knife buried itself in my back.
Du skal ikke tage imod slik fra en fremmed.	You shouldn't accept candy from a stranger.
Kom og se på dette!	Come and look at this!
Du er den vigtigste person i mit liv.	You are the most important person in my life.
Jeg lovede ikke at fortælle ham det.	I promised not to tell him.
Jeg er overvældet over så meget arbejde.	I'm overwhelmed with this much work.
Enhver ret kommer med en pligt.	Every right comes with a duty.
Denne video illustrerer krigens virkninger på nationerne.	This video illustrates the effects of war on the nations.
Det var ikke tilfældigt, at alle butikkerne lukkede tidligere i dag.	It was no coincidence that all the stores closed earlier today.
I det mest spændende øjeblik så alle meget anspændte ud.	At the most thrilling moment, everyone looked very tense.
Thrillernes mester har forladt scenen for altid.	The master of thrillers has left the scene forever.
Kommer du for tæt på, risikerer du at få elektrisk stød.	If you get too close, you run the risk of being electrocuted.
At blive kaldt en idiot er meget værre end at blive kaldt dum.	Being called an idiot is much worse than being called dumb.
En formel demonstration af Peter-princippet ville være et hit for de korporativistiske strukturer i mange lande.	A formal demonstration of the Peter principle would be a hit to the corporativist structures of many countries.
Du bør opfylde dine løfter.	You should fulfill your promises.
Udfordringen er at komme til tiden.	The challenge is getting there on time.
Trodser ikke deres ordrer, begræns dig blot til at adlyde dem.	Don't defy their orders, just limit yourself to obeying them.
Udsættelse for stråling forårsager modtagelighed for mutationer.	Exposure to radiation causes susceptibility to mutations.
Vi er på grænsen til fiasko.	We're bordering on failure.
Som med alt andet er der noget smukt i synd.	As with everything else, there's something beautiful in sin.
Det er ikke kun mig, det er de fleste mennesker.	It's not only me, it's most people.
Jeg er blevet gift, og jeg indser, at min barndom slutter nu.	I've married and I realize that my childhood ends now.
Undlad at komme med andre kommentarer.	Refrain from making other comments.
Skatten blev begravet i den dybeste del af havet.	The treasure was buried in the deepest part of the sea.
Du vil blive overrasket over antallet af knob der er.	You'd be surprised by the number of knots there are.
At blande sig i en begravelse er et stort show af respektløshed.	Interfering with a funeral is a great show of disrespect.
"Du ved godt, at drikkeri kan give dig en abort?"	"You do know that drinking can give you an abortion?"
"Søn, mænd får ikke abort."	"Son, men don't have abortions."
Du skal ikke forveksle en gift med en gave.	You shouldn't mistake a poison for a gift.
Træk ikke vejret!	Don't breathe!
Det er giftig gas.	It's poisonous gas.
Sundhedsreformen kan ikke vente længere.	Health reform can't wait anymore.
Fremkomsten af ​​stereotyper og tv er tæt forbundet.	The emergence of stereotypes and TV are closely related.
Jeg tror, ​​at alle salmer findes i Det Gamle Testamente.	I think all psalms are found in the Old Testament.
Jeg ville ønske, jeg ikke behøvede at lave disse rapporter.	I wish I didn't have to do these reports.
At engagere sig i politik er at involvere sig i samfundsspørgsmål.	Getting involved in politics is getting involved in the issues of society.
Du vil ikke se proteinrensning i et genetikkursus.	You won't see protein purification in a genetics course.
At spille med en andens forvirring er en god taktik.	Playing with another's confusion is a good tactic.
Nedbrydning af stivelse er forbundet med et cirkadisk ur.	Starch degradation is linked to a circadian clock.
Han bremsede ikke i tide og løb ind i et træ.	He didn't brake in time, and ran into a tree.
At løse en differentialligning betyder at finde de funktioner, der opfylder den.	Resolving a differential equation means finding the functions that satisfy it.
Jeg har altid været nummer et.	I've always been number one.
Sælgeren var insisterende til det sidste.	The salesman was insistent to the end.
Han bevarer nogle genstande fra sin barndom, såsom drager, legetøj og notesbøger.	He preserves some objects of his childhood, such as kites, toys and notebooks.
Kan du skelne mellem byg og hvede ved bare hurtigt at se på det?	Can you tell barley and wheat apart by just quickly looking at it?
Hvad mig angår, så tror jeg ikke, det er sandt.	As far as I am concerned, I don't think that's true.
Desværre kom hun ikke.	Unfortunately, she didn't come.
Jeg har pletter på min hud af stress.	I have spots on my skin from stress.
Mange turister besøger Kyoto i foråret.	Many tourists visit Kyoto in the spring.
Et meget stort antal turister besøger Kyoto i foråret.	A very large number of tourists visit Kyoto in the spring.
Jeg køber tempera og pensler i eftermiddag.	I'll buy tempera and paintbrushes this afternoon.
Er der et problem med ham?	Is there a problem with him?
Hvornår var din første kærlighed?	When was your first love?
Har du en hund?	Have you got a dog?
Disse er en slags natlige blomster.	These are a kind of nocturnal flower.
Bliv her og vent på hende.	Stay here and wait for her.
De siger han er syg.	They say he's sick.
De siger, hun er syg.	They say she's sick.
Jeg har savnet at rejse så meget.	I've missed travelling so much.
Tallinn er Estlands hovedstad.	Tallinn is the capital of Estonia.
Gérard de Nerval skrev Rejsen til Østen.	Gérard de Nerval wrote Journey to the East.
Jeg er nødt til at fortælle ham om det.	I have to tell him about it.
Det er her, han plejede at arbejde.	This is where he used to work.
Jeg har ikke mødt nogen, der kan prale af at være jazzpianist.	I haven't met anyone who boasts of being a jazz pianist.
Gør mig den tjeneste at klæde mig ud, for vi kommer sent!	Do me the favor of dressing up because we're going to get there late!
Kender du ikke et antonym for 'lindring'?	Don't you know an antonym for 'relief'?
Hun elsker at læse sætninger om selvværd.	She loves reading sentences about self-esteem.
Hendes mor blev sur på os.	Her mother became mad at us.
Dette er den 66.666. spanske sætning.	This is the 66,666th Spanish sentence.
En bold ramte hendes højre ben.	A ball hit her right leg.
Der er en tankstation en kilometer foran.	There is a gas station one kilometer ahead.
Hvis du ikke går glip af toget, kommer du dertil i tide.	If you don't miss the train, you'll get there in time.
Chefen vil være vred på mig.	The boss will be angry at me.
Jeg har været i Canada en gang.	I've been to Canada once.
Jeg vil ikke skilles fra dig, medmindre du giver mig en legitim grund.	I won't divorce you unless you give me a legitimate reason.
Jeg planlægger ikke at blive skilt fra dig, medmindre du giver mig en gyldig grund.	I don't plan to get divorced from you unless you give me a valid reason.
Tal italiensk!	Speak Italian!
Jeg kan godt lide slik.	I like sweets.
De laver legetøj på den fabrik.	They make toys in that factory.
Nej, far!	No, Dad!
Jeg planlægger at tage rundt om øen Shikoku på cykel næste år.	I plan to go around the island of Shikoku by bicycle next year.
Dine forbrydelser har vanhelliget dine forfædres grave.	Your crimes have desecrated your ancestors' graves.
Foretag venligst alle relevante ændringer.	Make all relevant modifications, please.
Tilsyneladende har de rede i et træ foran huset.	Apparently, they nest in a tree in front of the house.
Jeg sværger, det er, hvad jeg gør hver morgen.	I swear this is what I do every morning.
Der er mange steder, du bør se i Kyoto.	There are many places you should see in Kyoto.
Du kan ikke tage billeder i teatret uden tilladelse.	You cannot take pictures in the theater without permission.
Jeg sagde, at det var ok for ham at gå.	I said it was OK for him to go.
Jeg betragter Vivi som den mest fantastiske person, jeg har mødt, selvom jeg ved, at det puster hendes ego op.	I regard Vivi as the most amazing person I've met, even though I know that inflates her ego.
De konkluderede, at han løj.	They concluded he was lying.
Enten tager han fejl, eller også er jeg.	Either he is wrong or I am.
Hvis du havde fulgt mit råd, ville du ikke være i sådan en situation nu.	If you had followed my advice, you wouldn't be in such a fix now.
I gamle dage fandtes hverken telefoner eller elektricitet.	In the old days, neither telephones nor electricity existed.
Det er umuligt at erstatte maskiner med mennesker.	It is impossible to substitute machines for people.
Det er grunden til, at hun er forsinket.	That's the reason she's late.
Alle foreslår, at jeg bliver i sengen, men jeg vil ud og nyde.	Everyone suggests that I stay in bed, but I want to go out and enjoy.
Vi er ude af stole.	We're out of chairs.
Kunne du tænke dig at spise stående?	Would you mind eating standing up?
Google+ er et nyt socialt netværk.	Google+ is a new social network.
Han rocker.	He rocks.
Hun vugger.	She rocks.
Vi sutter.	We suck.
Mange fejl kunne have været undgået gennem simple eksperimenter.	Many mistakes could have been avoided through simple experiments.
En person, der er født i Frankrig, er fransk.	A person who is born in France is French.
Vi var heldige at være født i den samme galakse.	We were lucky to have been born in the same galaxy.
Det er ikke usædvanligt, at hele galakser pludselig forsvinder.	It's not unusual that entire galaxies disappear all of a sudden.
Vi bestemmer det som mænd.	We'll decide it like men.
Medbring terningerne!	Bring the dice!
De fleste af et insekts organer er inde i dets underliv.	Most of an insect's organs are inside its abdomen.
Mange har tilmeldt sig konkurrencen.	Many people signed up for the contest.
Konferencen forløb planmæssigt.	The conference went on according to plan.
Jeg har et hjørne af mit hjerte kun for dig.	I have a corner of my heart just for you.
Det er tredje gang, du snubler over det i dag.	This is the third time you've tripped on that today.
At finde det optimale for en numerisk funktion kan være en vigtig udfordring.	Finding the optimum for a numerical function can be an important challenge.
Genetiske sygdomme er for det meste uhelbredelige.	Genetic diseases are mostly uncurable.
Der er ingen rapporter om denne mutation, fordi en sådan mutant ikke engang ville blive født.	There are no reports on this mutation because such a mutant wouldn't even be born.
Disse er beviser på en forsvundet gammel kultur.	These are evidence of a vanished ancient culture.
Sørg for at få tyve rottelevere til i eftermiddag.	Make sure you get twenty rat livers for this afternoon.
Denne stations gas er god og billig.	This station's gas is good and cheap.
Hold kæft.	Shut up.
Jeg er på ferie.	I'm on my holiday.
Alt jeg vil høre er fuglene synge.	All I want to hear is the birds singing.
Ambulancen kom få øjeblikke efter ulykken.	The ambulance came a few moments after the accident.
Vi har en dejlig kærlighedshistorie om os selv.	We have a nice love story about ourselves.
Jeg kunne rigtig godt lide at gå på den skole.	I really liked attending that school.
Hver dag tog Gustavo guitaren med, så vi kunne spille og synge i pausen.	Every day, Gustavo would bring the guitar for us to play and sing during the break.
I middelalderen blev enhver, der protesterede mod de hellige skrifter, henrettet.	In the Middle Ages, anyone who objected to the Holy Scriptures was put to death.
Vi må hellere gå til et andet rum.	We'd better go to another room.
De ville nemt høre os her.	They'd easily hear us here.
Jeg tror hun kommer.	I think she will come.
Jeg er femogfirs år gammel.	I am eighty-five years old.
Hvis jeg fortalte dig, hvad der går gennem mit hoved, hver gang du gør det, ville du holde op med det samme.	If I told you what goes through my head each time you do that, you'd quit it immediately.
Du ser ikke specielt dårlig ud på disse billeder.	You don't look especially bad in these pictures.
Sådan ser du bare ud.	That's just how you look.
Jeg sagde, at jeg ikke kan lide det, og det er endeligt.	I said I don't like it, and that's final.
Den hund er virkelig gammel!	That dog is really old!
Dit snit gør ikke så ondt som før, vel?	Your cut doesn't hurt as much as before, right?
Hele hendes krop gjorde ondt.	Her whole body hurt.
Hvis veer gør så ondt som folk siger, ville alle kun få ét barn!	If labor pains hurt as much as people say, everyone would only have one child!
En mavepine forveksles normalt med mavepine.	A stomachache is usually mistaken for a bellyache.
At tale om religiøse spørgsmål er en delikat affære.	Speaking of religious matters is a delicate affair.
Tabet af sin mor gav hende smerte og fortrydelse.	The loss of her mother brought her pain and regret.
Ingen bør udsættes for smerte eller tortur.	Nobody should be subjected to pain or torture.
Mange betragter eutanasi som en måde at lindre en patients lidelse på.	Many consider euthanasia a way to relieve a patient's suffering.
Sorg er en af ​​de værste former for lidelse.	Grief is one of the worst forms of suffering.
Nyheden bragte kun familien smerte og lidelse.	The news only brought the family pain and suffering.
Drengen har klaget over hovedpine i tre dage.	The boy has complained of a headache for three days.
Fodboldkampen bliver sendt direkte klokken 17.00.	The soccer game will be broadcast live at five p.m.
Detektiven har beviser for forbrydelsen.	The detective has evidence of the crime.
Efter at han faldt på scenen, vandt sangeren offentlighedens støtte.	After he fell on the stage, the singer won the support of the public.
Jeg kan reglerne udenad, men jeg er ikke så god til at spille.	I know the rules by heart, but I'm not so good at playing.
Hvordan vil du tage til Osaka?	How will you go to Osaka?
Lær at tale engelsk på kort tid!	Learn to speak English in a short time!
Du brød ind på mit territorium.	You broke into my territory.
Nu må jeg skyde dig.	Now I must shoot you.
Hvis det er sandt, så er hun bedre end mig.	If that's true, then she's better than me.
Jeg spurgte hende om hendes adresse.	I asked her for her address.
Vi er nødt til at redde ham med det samme.	We have to save him immediately.
4.219 er et ekstremt uheldigt tal.	4,219 is an extremely unlucky number.
Jeg kan ikke holde ud at høre den lorte sang længere!	I can't stand hearing that shitty song anymore!
Tv-værten sagde, at produktionen ville kontakte mig for at overrække prisen.	The TV host said production would get in contact with me to deliver the award.
Ud over politiet måtte brandmændene også dukke op.	In addition to the police, the firemen had to make their appearance, too.
Normalt danner måger langvarige par.	Usually, seagulls form long-lasting couples.
Vi blev omkring bålet og fortalte vittigheder og rædselshistorier.	We stayed around the bonfire telling jokes and horror stories.
Jeg kan ikke forstå hvorfor du altid insisterer på at invitere hende.	I can't understand why you always insist on inviting her.
Han er dømt til at leve i kørestol.	He is condemned to live in a wheelchair.
Det eneste, vi kunne gøre, var at tåle det.	The only thing we could do was to bear with it.
Jeg tog altid til Miami om sommeren.	I always went to Miami in the summer.
Vi tog det første skridt.	We took the first step.
Nu skal vi bare fortsætte.	Now we just have to keep going.
Alle var modløse, efter at de fik deres resultater.	Everyone was discouraged after they got their results.
Jeg vil prøve at spise det i én bid.	I will try to eat it in one bite.
Jeg har ikke lyst til at gøre det.	I do not feel like doing it.
Jeg har boet her i lang tid.	I have been living here for a long time.
Pointen er ikke den kriminelle anklage, det er den holdning, vi indtager til disse overgreb.	The point is not the criminal charge, it's the attitude we adopt toward those abuses.
Det siges, at han genopstod.	It is said that he was resurrected.
Du blev informeret om status for din konto for tre dage siden.	You were informed of the state of your account three days ago.
Jeg elsker hende så højt, at jeg kunne dø.	I love her so much I could die.
Vi kommer hjem.	We're coming home.
Jeg slog ham i hagen.	I punched him in the chin.
Jeg synes, han er en dygtig mand.	I think he's a man of ability.
Ulykken skete på en af ​​præsidentens officielle rejser.	The accident happened on one of the President's official trips.
Vi uploadede billederne fra vores bryllup til Facebook.	We uploaded the pictures from our wedding to Facebook.
Hun ved, hvad hun vil.	She knows what she wants.
Det er det, der betyder noget.	That's what matters.
Formatering af en harddisk er en simpel proces, men dyr.	Formatting a hard disk is a simple process, but expensive.
Det kan koste op til $50 i Brasilien.	It can cost up to $50 in Brazil.
I et forsøg på at flygte tog banditten livet af fire gidsler.	In an attempt to escape, the bandit took the lives of four hostages.
Min bil blev stjålet.	My car was stolen.
Det er ikke der, jeg parkerede den.	It's not where I parked it.
Glem ikke, at adjektivet skal stemme overens med sit navneord.	Don't forget that the adjective must agree with its noun.
Tjek, om telefonen er tilsluttet.	Check if the phone is plugged in.
Hun er én ting udenpå, men en anden indeni.	She is one thing on the outside, but another on the inside.
Tak for at forstå dramaet i mit hjemland, som er, som Pablo Neruda ville sige, et tavst Vietnam; der er ingen besættelsestropper, ej heller magtfulde fly, der forplumrer mit lands rene himmel, men vi er under finansiel blokade, vi har ingen kredit, vi kan ikke købe reservedele, vi har ingen midler til at købe mad, og vi har brug for medicin. ..	Thanks for understanding the drama of my homeland, which is, like Pablo Neruda would say, a silent Vietnam; there are no occupying troops, nor powerful planes clouding the clean skies of my land, but we're under financial blockade, we have no credit, we can't buy spare parts, we have no means to buy food and we need medicine...
Men den studerende har en forpligtelse, fordi han er mere tilbøjelig til at forstå det økonomiske og sociale fænomen og globale realiteter; det er hans forpligtelse at være en dynamisk faktor i en forandringsproces, uden at miste virkeligheden af ​​syne.	But the student has an obligation because he's more likely to understand the financial and social phenomenon and global realities; it is his obligation to be a dynamic factor in a process of change, while never losing sight of reality.
Filmen er populær blandt unge.	The movie is popular with young people.
Jeg kan ikke lide den nye lærebog, vi bruger i engelskklassen.	I don't like the new textbook we're using in the English class.
Moderen var skuffet over sin søn, da hun fandt ud af de grusomheder, han havde begået.	The mother was disappointed in her son when she found out the atrocities he had committed.
Jeg vidste ikke, at der ville komme en Osaka-udgave.	I didn't know there would be an Osaka edition.
Krig bringer ikke fred; tværtimod bringer det smerter og sorg på begge sider.	War doesn't bring peace; on the contrary, it brings pains and grief on both sides.
Desværre tror jeg ikke på, at hun vil lykkes.	Unfortunately, I don't believe she'll succeed.
Hendes søn vil helt sikkert lykkes.	Her son will succeed for sure.
Universet roterer rundt om din røv.	The universe rotates around your ass.
Jeg fandt en meget interessant side, som jeg gerne vil anbefale.	I found a very interesting site I'd like to recommend.
Dette er det mest chokerende, der nogensinde er sket i mit liv.	This is the most shocking thing that ever happened in my life.
Vi vil aldrig vide, hvordan han har det.	We will never know how he's feeling.
Jeg arbejder ikke for nogen.	I don't work for anybody.
Kameler kan rejse over hundreder af kilometer i løbet af flere dage uden at drikke en dråbe vand.	Camels can travel over hundreds of kilometers over the course of several days without drinking a drop of water.
Vi er trætte af altid at se de samme mennesker tage hele æren!	We are fed up with always seeing the same people taking all the credit!
Efter mange års forsøg på at få fat i hendes drømmemand besluttede Barbara at opgive alt håb og acceptere at gifte sig med Lucian.	After many years of trying to get the man of her dreams, Barbara decided to give up all hope and to accept marrying Lucian.
Velkommen, mine damer og herrer.	Welcome, ladies and gentlemen.
Hvordan skriver jeg "at"-tegnet for en e-mailadresse?	How do I type the "at" sign for an email address?
Jeg har allerede tilgivet hende.	I have forgiven her already.
Intet forstyrrer hende.	Nothing disturbs her.
De var uretfærdige over for ham.	They were unfair to him.
Italien er det eneste land, der betragter en krig som en fodboldkamp og en fodboldkamp som en krig.	Italy is the only country that regards a war as a soccer game, and a soccer game as a war.
Helena er sekretær, ikke?	Helena is a secretary, right?
Hmm, vil du virkelig vide det?	Hmm, do you really want to know?
Tænker du det samme som jeg?	Are you thinking the same thing I am?
Jeg vil fortælle dig sandheden: Jeg løj for dig.	I'll tell you the truth: I lied to you.
Du har aldrig værdsat de ting, jeg gjorde for dig.	You never appreciated the things I did for you.
Ingen roder med ham.	Nobody messes with him.
Det er meget varmt.	It's very hot.
Dette tøj kommer til at slå dig ihjel!	These clothes are going to kill you!
Tro ikke på folk, der ved alt.	Don't believe people who know everything.
"Lyv ikke" betyder ikke nødvendigvis "fortæl sandheden".	"Don't lie" doesn't necessarily mean "tell the truth".
At tale det samme sprog betyder ikke at have den samme mening.	Speaking the same language doesn't mean having the same opinion.
Kom nu, gør det for mig.	Come on, do it for me.
Du kommer ikke til at dø af at møde mine forældre.	You're not going to die from meeting my parents.
Jeg skal til frugtbutikken efter appelsiner.	I'm going to the fruit store for oranges.
Hvad skal du så bruge pengene til?	Then what do you need the money for?
Læg de gamle aviser i en kasse og læg dem væk med det samme.	Place the old newspapers in a box and put it away immediately.
Æsken har ikke mange gaver.	The box does not have many presents.
Disse kasser har masser af plads indeni.	These boxes have plenty space inside.
Min søster arbejder som kassedame.	My sister works as a cashier.
Jeg fandt en kæmpe forseglet kasse, da jeg åbnede døren til mit hus.	I found a huge sealed box when I opened the door to my house.
Marco og Laura mødte hinanden på en dagstur til bjerget.	Marco and Laura met each other on a day trip to the mountain.
Hvis kassen har huller i, så prøv at reparere den med tape eller noget.	If the box has holes in it, try to mend it with tape or something.
Laura ser nyhederne på fjernsynet.	Laura is watching the news on television.
Jeg købte to beholdere mælk.	I bought two containers of milk.
Vi skal lave en kage.	We're going to make a cake.
Tag dette med til din legetøjsboks.	Take this to your toy box.
Æskerne fremstillet her er lavet af et meget robust materiale.	The boxes produced here are made of a very robust material.
Der kommer nogen.	Someone's coming.
Luk kassen og skjul den!	Close the box and hide it!
Karaktererne skabt af Walt Disney er kendt af børn over hele verden.	The characters created by Walt Disney are known by kids all over the world.
Der er intet i verden, der ikke lærer os en god lektie.	There is nothing in the world that doesn't teach us a good lesson.
Jeg hørte, at du blev leder af filialen i Sydney.	I heard that you became the manager of the Sydney branch.
Jeg kan virkelig godt lide lyden og rytmen i din oversættelse.	I really like the sound and rhythm of your translation.
Denne verdens frelse ligger udelukkende i menneskets hjerte, i dets evne til at reflektere, i ydmyghed og ansvar.	This world's salvation lies exclusively in the heart of the human being, in its ability to reflect, in humility and responsibility.
Efter mange års mislykkede eksperimenter kan jeg sige, at jeg endelig har opdaget den eneste absolut fejlfrie øjeblikkelige kur mod hikke!	After years of failed experiments, I can say I've finally discovered the only absolutely flawless instant cure for hiccups!
Øjnene siger mere end tusind ord.	The eyes say more than a thousand words.
Jeg accepterer ikke forslaget!	I don't accept the proposal!
Og det er det!	And that's it!
Kyoto er det smukkeste om efteråret.	Kyoto is the most beautiful in the autumn.
Formørkelsen skete fredag ​​aften.	The eclipse happened on Friday night.
Man kan sige, at holdet tabte på grund af deres dårlige servinger.	You could say the team lost because of their bad serves.
Jeg lavede kopier af den bog her i papirbutikken.	I made copies of that book here in the stationary store.
Der er tre ting, der ikke kommer tilbage i livet: skudpilen, det udtalte ord og den forpassede chance.	There are three things that won't come back in life: the shot arrow, the uttered word, and the missed chance.
Natalia og Veronica så på hinanden i medskyldighed.	Natalia and Veronica looked at each other in complicity.
Nu hvor vi alle er enige, lad os starte mødet.	Now that we all agree, let's start the meeting.
Hvis universet er et kosmisk æg, hvem har så lagt det?	If the universe is a cosmic egg, then who laid it?
Vi fik ikke at vide, hvor han kom fra.	We weren't told where he came from.
Livet flygter fra mig med hvert åndedrag.	Life escapes from me with every breath.
Der er intet klar.	There is nothing ready.
Jeg spørger dig, den der promoverede dette initiativ.	I'm asking you, the one who promoted this initiative.
Du lyver.	You lie.
Alt bliver godt i morgen.	Everything is going to be all right tomorrow.
Jeg går og tjekker soveværelset.	I'll go check out the bedroom.
Der er noget galt med ham.	Something's wrong with him.
Du er god til at lytte.	You are good at listening.
Hvorfor holder du ikke kæft?	Why don't you shut up?
Du kan bekræfte din saldo på bankens hjemmeside.	You can verify your balance on the bank's site.
Det er tid for dig at holde nogle ferier.	It's time for you to take some vacations.
Jeg har det ikke godt.	I don't feel good.
Hvor er det nærmeste lægecenter?	Where is the nearest medical center?
Einstein betragtede sig selv som en filosof.	Einstein regarded himself as a philosopher.
Min kat blev kørt over.	My kitty was run over.
Jeg har lært meget af hende gennem årene.	I've learned a lot from her over the years.
Mente du det seriøst?	Did you mean that seriously?
Nogle gange spekulerer jeg på, om jeg gjorde det rigtige.	Sometimes I wonder whether I did the right thing.
Han vil nægte det, så vær ikke opmærksom på ham.	He will deny it, so don't pay him any attention.
Lad os hænge ham først og prøve ham senere.	Let's hang him first and try him later.
Jeg behersker mig selv for ikke at miste hovedet.	I'm controlling myself so as not to lose my head.
Jeg mener ikke Vivaldis, jeg mener Haydns Oratorium.	I don't mean Vivaldi's, I mean Haydn's Oratorio.
Kender du det?	Do you know it?
Eeny, meeny, miny, moe, fang en tiger ved hans tå, hvis han råber lad ham gå, eeny, meeny, miny, moe.	Eeny, meeny, miny, moe, catch a tiger by his toe, if he hollers let him go, eeny, meeny, miny, moe.
Min mor sagde til mig at fange den allerbedste, og det er du ikke.	My mother told me to catch the very best one and you are not it.
Det bedste ved Japan er dets videospil.	The best thing about Japan is its video games.
Jeg håber han vil forstå mig!	I hope he will understand me!
"Er det et godt hotel?"	"Is it a good hotel?"
"Ja, men det er for langt væk."	"Yes, but it is too far away."
Jeg ville ikke gå ud med hende, selvom hun var den eneste pige i verden!	I wouldn't go out with her even if she were the only girl in the world!
Bussen er fuld, men ingen sidder ved siden af ​​mig.	The bus is full, but nobody sits beside me.
Bussen er tom, men han sidder alligevel ved siden af ​​mig.	The bus is empty, but he sits beside me anyways.
Jeg mødte hende en vinterdag.	I met her one winter day.
Fortæl den kvinde, at hendes søn har det godt.	Inform that woman that her son is all right.
Det eneste vi ved indtil videre er, at Aguiar har det fint.	All we know so far is that Aguiar is fine.
Hun sagde til mig "Åbn vinduet".	She told me "Open the window".
Jeg hader dig fra bunden af ​​mit hjerte.	I hate you from the bottom of my heart.
Da hun kyssede mig, følte jeg, at hun var oprigtig over for mig.	When she kissed me, I felt she was being sincere with me.
Jeg ville elske at møde en esperantist og bruge hele dagen på at spørge: "Hvad er det her?".	I would love to meet an Esperantist and spend the whole day asking, "What is this?".
Mange videnskabsmænd bekræfter, at livet på Jorden ikke opstod ved et tilfælde.	Many scientists affirm that life on Earth didn't arise by chance.
Her er et af mine billeder.	Here is one of my pictures.
Kom nu, alt vil være i orden.	Come on, everything will be all right.
Køb to kasser med æg.	Buy two boxes of eggs.
Jeg tilbragte fem dage i den beskidte brønd.	I spent five days in that filthy well.
I den tid var min eneste løsning at bede.	During that time, my only solution was praying.
Min onkel har et hus i Italien.	My uncle has a house in Italy.
Jeg synes, hun er meget attraktiv.	I think she is very attractive.
Vi besøger min bedstefar i denne uge.	We'll visit my grandfather this week.
Jeg skal ud på ferie i to måneder.	I'm going out on vacation for two months.
Jeg gjorde det så godt, at jeg kom i aviserne.	I did it so well that I made it into the newspapers.
Spørg om nogen vil fortælle om ulykken.	Ask if anyone wants to talk about the accident.
I det interview fortæller Antonio om sin søn, der døde for et par år siden.	In that interview, Antonio talks about his son, who died a few years ago.
Denne guidebog handler om byen São Paulo.	This guide book is about the city of São Paulo.
Maria ved meget lidt om økonomi.	Maria knows very little about economics.
Hvis du stadig ikke kender til projektet, kan du besøge vores side for mere information.	If you still don't know about the project, visit our site for more information.
Jeg mødte ham tilfældigt på gaden efter mange år.	I met him on the street by chance after many years.
Hvor mange dåser øl drak han?	How many cans of beer did he drink?
Nu er det mig, der taler.	Now I'm the one who's speaking.
Jeg har ikke fortalt ham noget.	I haven't told him anything.
Han formår altid at finde en vej ud af alt.	He always manages to find a way out of everything.
Hvis du føler dig truet, så tøv ikke med at komme hjem til mig.	If you feel threatened, don't hesitate to come to my house.
Denne sætning kan oversættes til arabisk på mange måder.	This sentence can be translated into Arabic in many ways.
Hvilken slags person ser op til en folkemorder og kalder ham en helt?	What kind of person looks up to a genocidal killer and calls him a hero?
Den sang har forfulgt mig i årevis.	That song haunted me for years.
Mennesker, der umotiveret gør sig selv til narre, er en konsekvens af et pluralistisk og eftergivende samfund.	People gratuitously making fools out of themselves is a consequence of a pluralistic and permissive society.
Ifølge Leucippus og Demokrit var atomet udeleligt.	According to Leucippus and Democritus, the atom was indivisible.
I dag ved vi, at det ikke er sandt.	Today we know that is not true.
Næste mandag skal hun have været på hospitalet i en måned.	Next Monday, she'll have been in the hospital for a month.
Du fortalte os, at hun var venlig, og det er hun virkelig.	You told us she was kind and she really is.
Du kan stole på ham.	You can trust him.
Han vil aldrig forråde dig.	He'll never betray you.
Mit liv er tomt uden ham.	My life is empty without him.
Det er meget varmt her om sommeren.	It is very hot here in the summer.
Jeg har skældt ham ud mange gange.	I've scolded him many times.
Vi har ikke set ham siden dengang.	We haven't seen him since that time.
Vi råbte til hende, at hun skulle være forsigtig.	We yelled at her to be careful.
Jeg elsker hende, men hun siger, at vi bare er venner.	I love her, but she says we are just friends.
Min søster abonnerer på et modemagasin.	My sister subscribes to a fashion magazine.
Rødt kød er et højt proteinindhold.	Red meat is a high-protein food.
Min søster er en 21-årig universitetsstuderende.	My sister is a twenty-one-year-old college student.
Efter mange overvejelser købte hun huset.	After much thought, she bought the house.
Når du vågner, vil jeg ikke være her mere.	When you wake up, I won't be here anymore.
Da jeg vågnede, var det allerede sent.	By the time I woke up, it was already late.
Der er ting, du er bedre ved ikke at vide.	There are things you're better off not knowing.
For at være ærlig, så er jeg ikke din far.	To be honest, I'm not your father.
Kunderne gav ham flygtige blikke og vendte derefter tilbage til deres samtaler.	The customers gave him fleeting glances, then returned to their conversations.
Jeg kunne høre stemmerne fra flere andre gæster, der var ankommet og allerede spiste sammen i hovedspisestuen.	I could hear the voices of several other guests who had arrived and were already eating together in the main dinning room.
"Jeg har set mange ting i min tid her," sagde han til hende, "men jeg har aldrig set det."	"I've seen a lot of things in my time here," he said to her, "but I've never seen that."
Sammenlignet med Paris er London stort.	When compared to Paris, London is large.
Du skulle have talt mere høfligt.	You should have spoken more politely.
Vi skulle have rejst tidligere.	We should have departed earlier.
Han er fed som en bjørn.	He is as fat as a bear.
Meros er absolut ikke en løgner.	Meros is absolutely not a liar.
Meros er bestemt ikke en løgner.	Meros is definitely not a liar.
Meros er bestemt ikke en løgner.	Meros is certainly not a liar.
Kampen blev udsat til næste søndag.	The game was postponed until next Sunday.
Hvad med den 28. februar omkring kl. 15.00?	How about February 28th around 3:00 pm?
Jeg ville spørge ham, hvis jeg var dig.	I would ask him if I were you.
Hvis jeg var dig, ville jeg spørge ham.	If I were you, I'd ask him.
Italien har den værste økonomiske krise i sin historie.	Italy is having the worst economic crisis in its history.
Vil du synge nogle engelske sange for os?	Will you sing some English songs for us?
Vi vendte tilbage til Osaka den 2. april.	We returned to Osaka on April 2nd.
Jeg har været i Kyoto én gang.	I have been to Kyoto one time.
Jeg tror, ​​du skal se ham.	I think you need to see him.
Jeg planlægger at spise frokost med ham.	I plan to have lunch with him.
Jeg troede, at han var rig.	I thought that he was rich.
Jeg troede, at han var ærlig.	I thought that he was honest.
Jeg troede, han var ærlig.	I thought he was honest.
Vi havde en dejlig ferie i Sverige.	We had a wonderful holiday in Sweden.
Vi havde en fantastisk ferie i Sverige.	We had a fantastic holiday in Sweden.
Kobe er byen, hvor jeg blev født.	Kobe is the city where I was born.
Hvis jeg havde vidst det, ville jeg have fortalt dig det.	If I had known it, I would have told you.
Om sommeren er her meget varmt.	In the summer, it is very hot here.
Hendes ansigt blev pludselig rødt.	Her face suddenly turned red.
Vi stoppede ved Peterborough tjenester.	We stopped at Peterborough services.
Jeg kan ikke stoppe blødningen.	I cannot stop the bleeding.
Jeg kan ikke lade være med at grine af ham.	I can't help laughing at him.
Vi gik uden ham, da han ikke var klar.	We went without him since he wasn't ready.
Du ville have fejlet uden hans hjælp.	You would have failed without his help.
Jeg lod som om jeg støttede ham.	I pretended to support him.
Så længe det er billigt, duer ethvert ur.	As long as it is cheap, any watch will do.
Ethvert ur duer, så længe det er billigt.	Any watch will do as long as it is cheap.
Uden råd ville du have fejlet.	Without advice, you would have failed.
Jeg tror, ​​han skal derhen.	I think he needs to go there.
Jeg er ikke vant til at være oppe til sent om natten.	I am not used to staying up late at night.
Hvis jeg havde gjort mit bedste, ville det måske være lykkedes.	If I had done my best, I might have succeeded.
Dette er bogen, du leder efter.	This is the book you are looking for.
Jeg er født i Osaka, men jeg er opvokset i Tokyo.	I was born in Osaka, but I was brought up in Tokyo.
Jeg fandt den nøgle, jeg havde ledt efter.	I found the key I had been looking for.
Jeg keder mig derhjemme!	I'm bored at home!
Toget ankom til tiden.	The train arrived bang on time.
Hvis du havde hjulpet mig, var det lykkedes.	If you had helped me, I would have succeeded.
Det forlyder, at der er skatte gemt der.	It is rumored there are treasures hidden there.
Jeg studerede engelsk, fransk og kinesisk.	I studied English, French and Chinese.
Denne bog er let at læse, da den er skrevet på enkelt engelsk.	This book is easy to read, since it's written in simple English.
Så snart jeg kom ind i klassen, begyndte eleverne at stille spørgsmål.	As soon as I entered the class, the students started asking questions.
De har hesten.	They have the horse.
Jeg skaffer dig en cykel til din fødselsdag.	I will get you a bicycle for your birthday.
Jeg er glad for at se dig.	I am pleased to see you.
De taler ikke spansk.	They don't speak Spanish.
Du skulle have inviteret ham, men det gjorde du ikke.	You should have invited him, but you didn't.
Det vil være sjovt.	That will be funny.
Uden din opmuntring ville jeg have opgivet denne plan.	Without your encouragement, I would have given up this plan.
Teatret plejede at åbne tidligt.	The theater used to open early.
Teatret plejede at åbne alle ugens dage.	The theater used to open every day of the week.
Teatret plejede at åbne på dette tidspunkt.	The theater used to open at this hour.
Tyske biler er blandt de bedste.	German cars are among the best.
Priserne stiger.	Prices rise.
Lægen erklærede ham død.	The doctor pronounced him dead.
Kaffen er klar.	Coffee is ready.
Hele mit liv var jeg en løgner.	For all my life, I was a liar.
Det var derfor, folk kunne lide mig.	That's why people liked me.
Punktum mangler i slutningen af ​​sætningen.	The full stop is missing at the end of the sentence.
Drengen er bange for mørket.	The boy is afraid of the dark.
Ingen fornærmelse!	No offense!
Det giver ingen mening at tilføje hundredvis af sætninger på Tatoeba, hvis de ikke er valideret af indfødte brugere.	It makes no sense to add hundreds of sentences at Tatoeba if they are not validated by native users.
Denne roman fortæller historien om en familie fra det nordøstlige Brasilien, der flytter til den sydøstlige del af landet.	This novel tells the story of a family from the northeast of Brazil that moves to the southeastern part of the country.
Jeg prøvede at muntre hende op, men alt hun ønskede var at være alene.	I tried to cheer her up, but all she wanted was to be alone.
Men Saule ville ikke gå.	But Saule didn't want to go.
Nogle gange kan jeg ikke holde mine følelser tilbage.	Sometimes I can't hold back my emotions.
Jeg vil gøre, hvad jeg skal gøre.	I will do what I need to do.
De læser hendes bog.	They are reading her book.
Den kjole passede hende perfekt.	That dress fit her perfectly.
Hvis du aldrig har gjort noget så dumt før, så prøv.	If you've never done anything that stupid before, go ahead and try.
Sidste gang vi så hinanden var på Anas fødselsdag, året før.	The last time we saw each other was on Ana's birthday, the year before last.
De er ikke opmærksomme på mig.	They don't pay attention to me.
Vi blev i hvert fald færdige med første del.	At least we finished the first part.
Denne bog er skrevet på enkelt engelsk, så den er let at læse.	This book is written in simple English, so it's easy to read.
Osaka er Japans næststørste by.	Osaka is Japan's second biggest city.
Osaka er Japans næststørste by.	Osaka is Japan's second largest city.
Drager er skabninger, der er lange som slanger, bevingede som fugle og kloge som mennesker.	Dragons are creatures that are long like snakes, winged like birds, and wise like men.
Jeg er holdt op med at ryge og drikke.	I have quit smoking and drinking.
Der er mange parker i London.	There are many parks in London.
Gall, elsker af dronningen, gik - storsindet tur - / Galant fra arenaen til Tower Grande, i Nîmes.	Gall, lover of the Queen, went - magnanimous tour - / Gallantly from the arena to the Tower Grande, in Nîmes.
Det franske monarki virkede uovervindeligt; den blev dog væltet.	The French monarchy seemed invincible; however, it was overthrown.
Jeg har ikke kunne tænke på andet siden lørdag aften.	I haven't been able to think about anything else since Saturday night.
Du har noget mail.	You have some mail.
Du har en fjer i håret.	You have a feather in your hair.
Har du spørgsmål til opgaven?	Any questions about the assignment?
Da jeg så dig, troede jeg, at du var det grimmeste, jeg nogensinde havde set i mit liv.	When I saw you, I thought you were the most ugly thing I'd ever seen in my life.
Det ser ud til at være en los.	It seems to be a lynx.
Jeg har brug for ferie!	I do need a vacation!
Pludselig nærmede enhjørningen mig majestætisk, rørte ved mig med sit horn og...	Suddenly, the unicorn approached me majestically, touched me with its horn and...
Jeg vågnede op med dette mærke.	I woke up with this mark.
Hun siger, at hun ikke kan spille billard, men hun vinder hver gang.	She says she can't play billiards, but she wins every time.
Det må være begynderheld.	It must be beginner's luck.
Musik og lyd hænger meget tæt sammen.	Music and sound are very closely related.
Jeg er makedonsk.	I am Macedonian.
Jeg tilbragte et år på en skole i Rusland.	I spent a year at a school in Russia.
Nogle gange bør du lave en fejl for at blive forstået korrekt.	Sometimes you should make a mistake to be properly understood.
Jeg tror, ​​det kommer til at regne i morgen.	I think tomorrow it's going to rain.
Jeg følte altid, at hun skjulte noget.	I always felt like she was hiding something.
Du har creme på næsetippen.	You have cream on the tip of your nose.
Tyskerne har samme antal ord for møder, som eskimoer har for sne.	Germans have the same number of words for meetings as Eskimos have for snow.
Jeg holder tre hemmeligheder for dig.	I'm keeping three secrets from you.
Jeg flyttede til England fra Tyskland, da jeg var ni.	I moved to England from Germany when I was nine.
Jeg dedikerer disse tårer til alle de afdøde.	I dedicate these tears to all the deceased.
Jeg bruger alle mine penge på medicin, men jeg har det godt.	I spend all my money on medicine, but I have a good time.
I går var der tre gode film på tv på samme tid.	Yesterday, there were three good films on TV at the same time.
Og jeg så ingen af ​​dem.	And I saw none of them.
Nej, vær venlig at gå, begge to.	No, please go, both of you.
Lad mig ikke være det tredje hjul.	Don't let me be the third wheel.
Det var nat, da han gik.	It was night when he left.
Troppen blev ledet af generalen, som stod fast, mens timerne gik.	The squad was led by the general, who stood firm as the hours passed.
Jeg slog ham.	I slapped him.
Min far elsker at spille guitar.	My father loves to play the guitar.
Mandag, tirsdag, onsdag, torsdag, fredag, lørdag og søndag er ugens syv dage.	Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday and Sunday are the seven days of the week.
Legaliser det!	Legalize it!
Det første jeg gjorde, da jeg kom hjem, var at tage mine sko af.	The first thing I did when I got home was take my shoes off.
Hvis alarmen ringer, gå, lad være med at løbe.	In case the alarm rings, walk, don't run.
Du kan gøre alt andet end at kritisere mig.	You may do anything but criticize me.
Jeg var vant til at spise som en gris.	I was used to eating like a pig.
Du behøver ikke at flyve for at fange en fugl.	You don't need to fly to catch a bird.
Som alle andre dyr har et menneske et bryst og en mave.	Like all other animals, a human being has a chest and a belly.
Jeg vil bo i byen.	I will live in the city.
Jeg bor i Moskva.	I live in Moscow.
Jeg ser BBC.	I watch the BBC.
Jeg bor i Tyrkiet.	I live in Turkey.
Hvis det bliver kedeligt, tager jeg hjem.	If it gets boring, I will go home.
Jeg ved ikke, om han bad, men han tilbragte hele formiddagen i kirken.	I don't know if he was praying, but he spent the entire morning in the church.
Hun tager afsted i aften, men hun er stadig ikke begyndt at pakke taskerne sammen.	She leaves tonight, but she still hasn't started packing up the bags.
Jeg er islandsk.	I'm Icelandic.
Grishkin er flink: hendes russiske øje er understreget for at understrege; uden korset giver hendes venlige buste løfte om pneumatisk lyksalighed.	Grishkin is nice: her Russian eye is underlined for emphasis; uncorseted, her friendly bust gives promise of pneumatic bliss.
Da han blev spurgt, om det var interessant, viste han et blidt smil og bekræftede, at der ikke er noget, der hedder noget interessant.	When asked if it was interesting, he showed a gentle smile and affirmed that there is no such thing as something interesting.
Med denne hastighed er det kun et spørgsmål om tid, før jeg bliver fanget.	At this rate, it's only a matter of time before I get caught.
Vi havde besøg, mens du gik i bad.	We had a visitor while you were taking a shower.
Nu hvor du er en autentisk forbruger, kan du begynde at tænke på, hvordan du vil betale det tilbage til samfundet.	Now that you are an authentic consumer, you can start thinking about how will you pay it back to society.
Jeg har lige indset, at der er mange flere sider, som jeg troede.	I just realized there are many more pages that I thought.
Jeg indså lige, at det er meget mere arbejde, end jeg troede.	I just realized it's much more work than I thought.
Min kamp er at være lykkelig i en verden, hvor ingen vil have mig til det.	My fight is to be happy in a world where nobody wants me to.
Derefter var du i en tilstand af stupor i to måneder.	After that, you were in a state of stupor for two months.
Tyve mennesker blev tilbageholdt af det føderale politi.	Twenty people were detained by the Federal Police.
Du er stadig den samme uvidende person, som jeg mødte engang i parken.	You are still the same ignorant person I met once in the park.
Hun blinkede til ham, så snart hun så ham, og gjorde tegn til ham, at han skulle blive hos hende.	She winked at him as soon as she saw him and gestured for him to stay with her.
Du skal ikke bekymre dig om eksamen.	You shouldn't be concerned about the exam.
Jeg er sikker på, at det ikke matcher dine evner.	I'm sure it is no match for your abilities.
Hvordan blev han nogensinde så heldig?	How did he ever get so lucky?
Du var ikke gift længe, ​​vel?	You weren't married for long, were you?
Der er fuldmåne i aften.	There is a full moon tonight.
Jeg håber bestemt, at han består testen.	I sure hope he passes the test.
Vi skulle være her for to uger siden.	We were supposed to be here two weeks ago.
Min ven og butiksassistenten havde et slagsmål.	My friend and the shop clerk had a fight.
Ekspedienten sagde, at han havde brækket noget, men min ven sagde, at han ikke havde.	The clerk said he had broken something, but my friend said he hadn't.
De er sikkert alle døde nu.	They are probably all dead now.
Noget må være gået galt.	Something must have gone wrong.
Noget er stadig ikke rigtigt.	Something is still not right.
Alle lærere på vores skole har en universitetsuddannelse.	All the teachers at our school have a university degree.
Jeg håber kun, det ikke er for sent.	I only hope it is not too late.
Jeg mangler kun hundrede dollars.	I only need one hundred dollars.
Hej skat.	Hello, honey.
Du er den dejligste kæreste jeg nogensinde har haft.	You're the nicest girlfriend I ever had.
Det vil være nemt at afslutte dette job på tirsdag.	Finishing this job by Tuesday will be easy.
Det bliver nemt at afslutte dette job på tirsdag.	It'll be easy to finish this job by Tuesday.
At afslutte dette job inden tirsdag vil være et stykke kage.	Finishing this job by Tuesday will be a piece of cake.
Hvis du vil stille et spørgsmål, så ræk hånden op.	If you want to ask a question, please put your hand up.
Da rummet blev stille, kunne kun den tikkende lyd fra et gammelt ur høres.	As the room fall silent, only the ticking sound of an old clock could be heard.
Jeg har noget, jeg vil sige.	I have something I want to say.
Under anonymitetens kappe opfører sig kujoner som store kæfter.	Under the cloak of anonymity, cowards are acting like bigmouths.
Jeg føler mig deprimeret, fordi der var mange ting, jeg skulle gøre.	I feel depressed because there were a lot of things I had to do.
Faktisk skal jeg til New Zealand for at studere.	Actually, I'm going to New Zealand to study.
Der er to tallerkener på bordet.	There are two plates on the table.
De er originale.	They're original.
Fortsæt, lugt til dem.	Go ahead, smell them.
De dufter originalt.	They smell original.
Sid behageligt.	Sit comfortably.
Dette er Italien.	This is Italy.
Hun underviser mig.	She is teaching me.
Jeg burde besøge Kyoto.	I should visit Kyoto.
Hun har tre børn.	She has three children.
Du flygter.	You're escaping.
Du skriger.	You're screaming.
Du er ikke brasiliansk, vel?	You're not Brazilian, are you?
Hvorfor afslutter du ikke Facebook?	Why don't you quit Facebook?
Du er en hottie.	You're a hottie.
Hvad synes du om Cataloniens uafhængighed?	What do you think about Catalonian independence?
Spis mig.	Eat me.
Håndter det.	Deal with it.
Du har ret til at få en advokat.	You are entitled to have a lawyer.
Tom er altid bananer.	Tom is always bananas.
Nu, har du det ikke bedre?	Now, don't you feel better?
Hvad er dit stjernetegn?	What is your star sign?
Jeg vil have en kop kaffe.	I want a coffee.
Solen skinnede, og ørkenens sand virkede varmt.	The sun shone, and the sand of the desert seemed warm.
Jeg har et par spørgsmål.	I have a couple of questions.
Jeg kan godt lide musik.	I like music.
Kan du lide musik?	Do you like music?
Måske ikke.	Maybe not.
Det virkelige liv begynder efter kaffen.	Real life begins after coffee.
Hvorfor er der så mange mennesker?	Why are there so many people?
Salt, tak.	Salt, please.
Hun er sangerinde.	She is a singer.
Kan du tale uigurisk?	Can you speak Uyghur?
Jeg kan tale lidt.	I can speak a little.
Hun taler ikke mit sprog.	She doesn't speak my language.
Det er ikke nødvendigt at tage af sted midt i en storm.	It's not necessary to leave in the middle of a storm.
Min bedstemor på min mors side bor i Osaka.	My grandmother on my mother's side lives in Osaka.
Han er ikke gift.	He isn't married.
Han er ikke gift.	He's not married.
Han er ikke gift.	He is not married.
Min mor broderede øde tårer i de tidlige regnbuer.	My mother was embroidering deserted tears in the early rainbows.
Abrams gøede.	Abrams barked.
Jeg ved godt, at jeg lavede en fejl, men du behøver ikke gnide det ind!	I know I made a mistake, but you needn't rub it in!
Han har hvide tænder.	He has white teeth.
Du burde skrive en bog!	You should write a book!
Han er fuld.	He's drunk.
Emily er bange for højder.	Emily is afraid of heights.
Jeg ville ikke have bedt dig om at komme, hvis det ikke var absolut nødvendigt.	I wouldn't have asked you to come if it weren't absolutely necessary.
Jeg fortalte ham, at jeg ville til Boston.	I told him I wanted to go to Boston.
Jeg troede, Tom var faret vild.	I thought Tom had gotten lost.
Han er dum.	He's stupid.
Tom synger.	Tom sings.
Han har ikke engang et sesamfrø derhjemme, men snurrer alligevel på sit overskæg.	He doesn't even have a sesame seed at home, but twirls his mustache nonetheless.
Ikke et frø derhjemme, men kald mig alligevel Bajirao.	Not a seed at home, but call me Bajirao nonetheless.
Jeg griner af folk, mens der er snot for min næse.	I laugh at people, while there's snot at my nose.
Katten lukker øjnene, mens hun drikker mælk, men verden kan alligevel se hende.	The cat closes her eyes as she drinks milk, but the world can see her nonetheless.
Drik gurkemeje og bliv lys i huden.	Drink turmeric and turn fair-skinned.
Hvor det vokser, der sælger det ikke.	Where it grows, there it does not sell.
Den, der giver, har tusind hænder.	He who gives, has a thousand hands.
Du fræser min, og jeg fræser landsbyhøvdingens.	You mill mine, and I'll mill the village chief's.
Han udhulede et bjerg kun for at trække en rotte ud.	He hollowed out a mountain only to pull out a rat.
Tyvens flugt er et slag for landsbyen.	The thief's escape is a blow to the village.
Det, han gjorde, var som at tage et lort ved komfuret og så skyde skylden på skæbnen.	What he did was like taking a crap by the stove and then blaming it on fate.
Selv aber kaster sten efter manden uønsket derhjemme.	Even monkeys throw stones at the man unwanted at home.
Det er som om han spiser med et sæt tænder og blotter med et andet sæt.	It's like he eats with one set of teeth and bares with another set.
En mands skæg brænder, og en anden mand tænder sin cigaret på det.	One man's beard is on fire, and another man is lighting his cigarette on it.
Han ville købe en bog.	He wanted to buy a book.
Krikken kvidrer sagte.	The cricket is chirping softly.
Ikke kun synker en sten, men den drukner også andre.	Not only does a rock sink, but it drowns others as well.
Hvis du kaster en håndfuld sten, vil mindst én ramme.	If you hurl a handful of stones, at least one will hit.
Vi lærer ved at skrive.	We learn by writing.
Engelsk er heller ikke mit modersmål!	English is not my mother tongue, either!
Jeg vil spørge hende om interviewet.	I will ask her about the interview.
Jeg har ikke fejlet.	I have not failed.
Jeg har lige fundet 10.000 måder, der ikke virker.	I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
Hvis du går lige ud, vil du se biografen efter den anden gade til venstre.	If you go straight on, you'll see the cinema after the second street on the left.
Kvinden spiser brød.	The woman is eating bread.
Han løber ikke.	He isn't running.
Jeg tager dertil med fly.	I will go there by plane.
Jeg vil se en dokumentar.	I will watch a documentary.
Dette er en fisk.	This is a fish.
Emily er ikke bange for edderkopper.	Emily isn't afraid of spiders.
Abrams havde til hensigt at gø.	Abrams intended to bark.
Abrams havde til hensigt, at Browne skulle gø.	Abrams intended Browne to bark.
Hun arbejder på skolen.	She works at the school.
Jeg tror, ​​at to sprog ikke er nok.	I think two languages aren't enough.
Tom trak sværdet.	Tom drew the sword.
Giv ham det.	Hand it to him.
Hun kan svømme.	She can swim.
Jeg skal bo i byen.	I'll live in the city.
Jeg kommer.	I will come.
Han er perfektionist.	He is a perfectionist.
Jeg elsker ham stadig.	I still love him.
Nogle gange forstår jeg ikke biologi.	Sometimes I don't understand biology.
Alle kender hr. Hashimoto.	Everyone knows Mr Hashimoto.
Jeg skrev en bog om Kina.	I wrote a book about China.
Stakkels!	Poor thing!
Jeg taler ikke engelsk.	I don't speak English.
Han glemte hendes navn.	He forgot her name.
Klokken er otte.	It's eight o'clock.
Det er mere end ti år siden, vi kom for at bo her.	It's been more than ten years since we came to live here.
Det er ti år siden, min bedstefar døde.	It's been ten years since my grandfather died.
Det er ti år siden, jeg kom til at bo i Shizuoka.	It's been ten years since I came to live in Shizuoka.
Det er seks år siden, jeg begyndte at studere engelsk.	It's been six years since I started to study English.
Det er allerede fem år siden, vi begyndte at studere engelsk.	It's already been five years since we began to study English.
Det er ti år siden, jeg kom til Tokyo.	It's been ten years since I came to Tokyo.
Det er ti år siden, jeg kom for at bo her.	It's been ten years since I came to live here.
Det er fem år siden, den bog blev filmatiseret.	It's been five years since that book was made into a movie.
Det er tre år siden, han døde.	It's been three years since he died.
Turen vil tage cirka fem timer.	The trip will take approximately five hours.
Rundt om hjørnet var en mark fuld af gyldne hvedestilke.	Around the corner was a field full of golden stalks of wheat.
Jeg valgte en tusindfryd til hende.	I picked a daisy for her.
Fortæl hende hvilket tog hun skal tage.	Tell her which train to catch.
Fortæl hende hvilket tog hun skal med.	Tell her which train she should get on.
Han følte sig fri som en fugl for et halvt år siden.	He felt free as a bird half a year ago.
Hun elsker dig meget.	She loves you very much.
Han elsker dig.	He loves you.
Hvordan laver du kaffe?	How do you make coffee?
Min lillesøster tog til Kobe i går.	My younger sister went to Kobe yesterday.
Hun løj.	She lied.
Det er et busstoppested.	That is a bus stop.
Jeg er lige så rig som han.	I am as rich as he is.
Kan du huske hendes navn?	Do you remember her name?
Der er ingen bøger under skrivebordet.	There are no books under the desk.
Tomkatten hyggede sig i solen.	The tomcat basked in the sun.
Tomkatten solede sig.	The tomcat sunned himself.
Hvor lang tid havde du brug for at oversætte bogen?	How long did you need to translate the book?
Der er en fjernbetjening under stolen.	There's a remote control under the chair.
Alt du skal gøre er at skrive.	All you have to do is write.
Et køligt efterår er på vej.	A cool autumn is coming.
Du kan ikke stole på ham.	You can't rely on him.
Parlamentarisk immunitet er et kontroversielt spørgsmål.	Parliamentary immunity is a controversial issue.
Museet har åbent fra klokken ni om morgenen.	The museum is open from nine o'clock in the morning.
Han mistede synet.	He lost his sight.
Bussen stoppede foran huset.	The bus stopped in front of the house.
Natten var lang.	The night was long.
Hun kan forudsige fremtiden.	She can predict the future.
Han kan forudsige fremtiden.	He can predict the future.
De læser hans bog.	They're reading his book.
Har du skjorten en størrelse større?	Do you have the shirt a size bigger?
Han kan lide at synge.	He likes to sing.
Han kan lide at synge.	He likes singing.
Politiet anholdt to mænd.	The police arrested two men.
Politiet anholdt fire mænd.	The police arrested four men.
Politiet anholdt to mænd og to kvinder.	The police arrested two men and two women.
Hun flygtede fra USA.	She fled the United States.
Han flygtede fra USA.	He fled the United States.
Politiet anholdt morderen.	The police arrested the murderer.
Min mand er ældre.	My husband is a senior citizen.
Twitter suspenderede hans konto.	Twitter suspended his account.
Emily stjal mit hjerte.	Emily stole my heart.
Emily gav mig lov til at bruge hendes computer.	Emily permitted me to use her computer.
Emily vil gerne ud, fordi hun keder sig.	Emily wants to go out, because she's bored.
Emily lånte mig sin georgiske lærebog.	Emily lent me her Georgian textbook.
Emily bliver færdig med gymnasiet i 2017.	Emily will graduate from high school in 2017.
Melanie dimitterer fra gymnasiet i 2018.	Melanie will graduate from high school in 2018.
Emily studerer tyrkisk, fordi hun og hendes forældre skal til Tyrkiet på ferie.	Emily is studying Turkish, because she and her parents will go to Turkey on vacation.
Emily foretrækker Coca-Cola frem for Pepsi.	Emily prefers Coca-Cola to Pepsi.
Hun er ikke smuk.	She is not beautiful.
Jeg ved ikke, hvornår Bob kom til Japan.	I don't know when Bob got to Japan.
Hun er utålmodig.	She is impatient.
Han er utålmodig.	He is impatient.
Hun tog imod hendes tilbud.	She accepted her offer.
Han tog imod sit tilbud.	He accepted his offer.
Mussolini var en diktator.	Mussolini was a dictator.
For kosher kød går jeg til en slagter, jeg stoler på.	For kosher meat, I go to a butcher I trust.
Jeg vil hellere dø end at overgive mig!	I'd rather die than surrender!
Lad os spille fodbold!	Let's go play football!
Hun finder altid fejl hos mig.	She is always finding fault with me.
Nogle af dem er kloge.	Some of them are clever.
Hun vil tilstå før eller siden.	She'll confess sooner or later.
Hun skød en pil mod hjorten.	She shot an arrow at the deer.
Efter aftensmaden sover hun som regel.	After dinner, she usually sleeps.
Hun sender os blomster.	She sends us flowers.
Hun vil ikke blive savnet.	She won't be missed.
Han fik hul i ørerne.	He got his ears pierced.
Echuk søger job.	Echuk is looking for a job.
Emily skrev sætningen.	Emily wrote the sentence.
Hun sang en sang.	She was singing a song.
Jeg var glad for at se hende.	I was glad to see her.
Sig, hvad der er i dit hjerte.	Say what is in your heart.
Katten er ude af sækken.	The cat's out of the bag.
Indlandsisen smelter.	The ice caps are melting.
Går du til sport?	Do you go in for sports?
Hunden er menneskets bedste ven.	The dog is man's best friend.
Vi er ikke så gode som dig.	We aren't as good as you.
Hvis det er dit sidste ord, så ses vi i retten!	If that's your last word, see you in court!
Lad være med at "du" mig.	Don't "thou" me.
Lad være med at "fælle" mig.	Don't "fellow" me.
Hvor er dette nævnt i skrifterne?	Where is this mentioned in the scriptures?
Hun er på kontoret.	She is at the office.
Jeg stemte faktisk for, at jeg ikke er perfektionist.	I actually voted that I'm not a perfectionist, though.
Jeg har i høj grad nogle af skiltene på listen, men jeg er ikke helt motiveret af perfektion.	I have some of the signs on the list to a high degree but I'm not entirely motivated by perfection.
Tobak ankom.	Tobacco arrived.
Du har ingen anelse om, hvad du laver, vel?	You have no clue what you are doing, do you?
Du bliver her, indtil du bliver tilkaldt.	You will remain here until you are summoned.
Modne bananer er gule.	Ripe bananas are yellow.
Der var mange mennesker der, som jeg ikke kendte.	There were many people there whom I didn't know.
Guder kom ned til jorden for at guide menneskeheden til dens ende.	Gods came down to earth to guide humanity to its end.
Hun plukkede en blomst fra potten og gav den til mig.	She picked a flower from the pot and gave it to me.
Jeg har en ven, der bor i Tokyo.	I have a friend who lives in Tokyo.
Hun havde tabt sig; "hvalpefedtet" og ebulliencen var væk.	She had lost weight; the "puppy fat" and the ebullience had gone.
Lad ikke nogen komme ind på hans værelse.	Don't let anyone in his room.
Hendes kjole var billig.	Her dress was cheap.
Hendes kjole var billig.	Her dress was a cheap one.
Lektionen startede klokken otte.	The lesson started at eight o'clock.
Hun var allerede gravid.	She was already pregnant.
Jeg vil gerne besøge Egypten en dag.	I'd like to visit Egypt someday.
Heldigvis døde hun ikke.	Fortunately, she didn't die.
Tom har mavekræft.	Tom has stomach cancer.
Bilen er gul.	The car is yellow.
Han underviser mig.	He is teaching me.
Dette barn stræber efter at blive advokat i fremtiden.	This child aspires to become a lawyer in the future.
Hun kan ikke være syg.	She can't be ill.
Dette er en appelsin.	This is an orange.
Han gav ham bogen.	He gave him the book.
Killingerne ruller.	The kittens are rolling.
Melanie kan lide at spise pizza.	Melanie likes eating pizza.
Okay, undskyld, vi ses i morgen.	OK, sorry, see you tomorrow.
Han er jaloux.	He's jealous.
Hun skriver.	She's writing.
Hans bog er rød.	His book is red.
Jeg har en Twitter-konto.	I have a Twitter account.
Du fortalte mig, at du stjal hans motorcykel.	You told me you stole his motorcycle.
Stedet blev skam forsømt.	The place was shamefully neglected.
Han siger forfærdelige ting.	He says appalling things.
Hvornår vil du henvende dig til ham om din lønstigning?	When are you going to approach him about your pay rise?
Til tider kan hun være fraværende.	At times she can be absent-minded.
Han er viklet ind i sine studier.	He's wrapped up in his studies.
Dit værelse ser ud, som om en bombe ramte det!	Your room looks as if a bomb hit it!
Den familie er virkelig hulerne!	That family really is the pits!
Dette sted er som et galehus!	This place is like a madhouse!
Hun er gået helt af sin rocker.	She's gone completely off her rocker.
Ring til mig, når det passer dig, tak.	Call me when you see fit, thank you.
Mary besluttede at holde op med at ryge.	Mary resolved to quit smoking.
Jeg har ikke stjålet den.	I have not stolen it.
Jeg lånte den simpelthen uden orlov.	I simply borrowed it without leave.
Vores forhold er meget intimt og kærligt.	Our relationship is very intimate and loving.
Da jeg kiggede ud af vinduet, så jeg en mand stå ved døren.	Looking out of the window, I saw a man standing near the door.
Jeg blev bange.	I became frightened.
Tom har lagt bogen på skrivebordet.	Tom has put the book on the desk.
Ved hun, hvordan man spiller klaver?	Does she know how to play the piano?
Jeg skulle ikke tro på alt, hvad Tom fortæller mig.	I should not believe everything Tom tells me.
Tv'et fungerede hele natten.	The TV set worked all night.
Vi nåede til enighed i slutningen af ​​mødet.	We reached an agreement at the end of the meeting.
De siger, at du skal spise fem frugter og grøntsager om dagen.	They say you should eat five fruits and vegetables per day.
I går aftes havde jeg ikke lyst til at gå ud, og jeg blev hjemme og så en film.	Last night I did not feel like going out and I stayed home watching a movie.
Jeg aflægger ham et besøg inden for et par uger.	I'll pay him a visit within a few weeks.
Vi er ikke rige.	We are not rich.
Tom og Maria talte ikke fransk.	Tom and Maria did not speak French.
Jeg er glad for at se min bedstemor og tale om fortiden.	I am delighted to see my grandmother and talk of the past.
Konferencen giver os mulighed for igen at se specialister, der kommer fra hele verden.	The conference gives us an opportunity to see again specialists coming from around the world.
Det gør mig meget ked af at vide, at din far døde.	It saddens me greatly to know that your father died.
Jeg er dybt ked af at vide, at din far er død.	I am deeply saddened to know that your father has died.
Tom gik ned i hallen for at møde Manon.	Tom descended into the hall to meet Manon.
Jeg søgte dette job.	I applied for this job.
Embedsmanden vi opfyldte hans forpligtelser.	The official we discharged of his obligations.
Dette argument er uangribeligt.	This argument is unassailable.
Dette argument er uigendriveligt.	This argument is irrefutable.
Jeg går ud for at købe avisen.	I go out to buy the newspaper.
Jeg er fortvivlet!	I am disconsolate!
Hun gav mig sin hånd.	She gave me her hand.
Når jeg vander mine stueplanter, er jeg meget afslappet.	When I am watering my houseplants, I am very relaxed.
Jeg kan krydse floden ved at svømme.	I can cross the river by swimming.
Dette er en rigtig bikube.	This is a real beehive.
Hans karakter ligner din.	His character is similar to yours.
Sikke en freak!	What a freak!
Denne mand er en rigtig freak!	This man is a real freak!
Jeg tog min hævn på mine børn.	I took my revenge on my children.
Jeg blev belønnet af dit behagelige selskab.	I was rewarded by your pleasant company.
Det kan være, at min far kommer med det næste tog.	It may be that my father arrives on the next train.
Japan imponerer mig meget, og jeg føler dyb respekt for det japanske folk.	Japan impresses me very much and I feel profound respect for the Japanese people.
Jeg var overbevist om, at han ville lykkes.	I was convinced he would succeed.
Stivkrampe fortsætter med at dræbe!	Tetanus continues to kill!
Jeg tror, ​​det er hans varemærke.	I think that is his trademark.
Han har arbejdet i denne virksomhed i tyve år nu.	He has been working in this company for twenty years now.
Han blev drevet af en hævntørst.	He was propelled by a thirst for revenge.
De var ved at besvime.	They were fainting.
Du er syg og sengeliggende.	You are sick and bedridden.
Er du sikker på, at du vil tilbage for at bo hos Thomas?	Are you sure you want to return to live with Thomas?
Du har meldt dig ind i festen.	You have joined the party.
Jeg kan beundre andre, men jeg har aldrig stræbt efter at være som nogen andre end mig selv.	I may admire others but I have never aspired to be like anyone, other than myself.
Har du skiftet shampoo?	Have you changed shampoos?
Dyr løber.	Animals run.
Elevatoren virkede ikke, og vi måtte gå op på femte sal.	The elevator was not working and we had to walk up to the fifth floor.
Jeg går ikke i morgen.	I will not go by tomorrow.
Hun ankom der før dem.	She arrived there before them.
Det, der holder verden i gang, er ikke kærlighed, men tvivl.	What keeps the world going is not love, but doubt.
De kæmpede tilbage.	They fought back.
Rødvin er gavnligt, dens hemmelighed ligger i doseringen.	Red wine is beneficial, its secret lies in dosing.
Tak alligevel.	Thank you, anyway.
Hvorfor giver du ham penge?	Why do you give him money?
Sønnen har forrådt sin fars tillid.	The son has betrayed the trust of his father.
Vi koncentrerede os.	We concentrated.
De vil stemme.	They will vote.
Denne nye skærm er meget lysere.	This new screen is much brighter.
Jeg planlægger ikke deres arbejde.	I do not plan their work.
Hun er en modig kvinde.	She is a brave woman.
Vær respektfuld over for de ældre.	Be respectful to the elderly.
Sejren syntes inden for rækkevidde.	Victory seemed within easy reach.
I dette land har folk ingen ansvarsfølelse.	In this country, people have no sense of responsibility.
De lagde stor vægt på renlighed.	They attached great importance to cleanliness.
Gennem frygt eller stolthed svarede han ikke.	Through fear or pride, he made no answer.
Denne fejl opstod på grund af dig.	This failure occurred because of you.
Vi længes efter at vende tilbage til vores fødeland.	We yearn to go back to our native land.
Jeg vil prøve at vride mig ud af det, hvis jeg kan.	I'll try to wriggle out of it if I can.
Jeg giver dig mit æresord.	I give you my word of honour.
Han trak ulden over deres øjne.	He pulled the wool over their eyes.
Han bejlede til dem med løfter om højere lønninger.	He wooed them with promises of higher wages.
Hans død fik mig til at undre mig.	His death made me wonder.
Det er et under, at hun stadig er i live.	It's a wonder that she's still alive.
Han er en finansiel troldmand.	He's a financial wizard.
Med de ord gik han ud.	With those words, he walked out.
Han så klog ud.	He looked wise.
Han slettede optagelsen.	He wiped out the recording.
Det er tid til at afslutte.	It's time to wind up.
Jeg gjorde det af egen fri vilje.	I did it of my own free will.
Vi sælger en bred vifte af produkter.	We sell a wide range of products.
Hvem arbejder du for?	Whom do you work for?
Hun har et lille hus.	She has a small house.
Min hovedpine er forsvundet.	My headache has worn off.
Han kom uden at advare os.	He came without warning us.
Gå ikke væk fra emnet.	Don't wander from the subject.
Jeg vågnede op til faren.	I woke up to the danger.
Han blev stemt ud.	He was voted out.
Han besøgte mig.	He paid me a visit.
Jeg får dårlige vibes fra ham.	I'm getting bad vibes from him.
Det er netop hans ord.	Those are his very words.
Du er den person, jeg har brug for.	You are the very person I need.
Hvor er mødestedet?	Where is the venue for the meeting?
Hun gav luft til sin sorg.	She gave vent to her grief.
Langt de fleste mennesker godkender planen.	A vast majority of people approve of the plan.
Det varierer med vejret.	It varies with the weather.
Hans frygt forsvandt.	His fears vanished.
Hun læser rigtig meget.	She reads a great deal.
Han kan lide mig.	He likes me.
Jeg søger job hos det franske kulturministerium.	I am looking for a job with the Cultural Ministry of France.
Jeg takker dig for din venlighed.	I thank you for your kindness.
Han lyver.	He lies.
Hun lyver.	She lies.
Hvad gjorde hun ved sit hår?	What did she do to her hair?
Hun holder aldrig op med at læse.	She never stops reading.
Hun har fire af dem.	She has four of them.
Ikke meget!	Nothing much!
Det 21. århundredes komposition var så uenig, at det føltes, som om kunstneren myrdede Steinway-flyglet.	The 21st century composition was so discordant that it felt as though the performer was murdering the Steinway grand piano.
Hvorfor har du et billede af Tom i din pung?	Why do you have a picture of Tom in your wallet?
Han ejer ikke mange bøger.	He doesn't own many books.
Du er vores en millionte kunde.	You are our one millionth customer.
Vietnamesisk er virkelig svært at lære.	Vietnamese is really hard to learn.
Du ved, jeg aldrig ville gøre den slags ting.	You know I would never do that kind of thing.
Det røg i vejret.	It skyrocketed.
Der er fem personer i vores familie.	There are five people in our family.
Mennesket kan ikke leve af brød alene.	Man cannot live by bread alone.
Du er slet ikke, hvad jeg forventede.	You are not at all what I expected.
Kontoret var lille, men det havde udsigt over byen.	The office was small, but it had a view of the city.
Jeg bliver træt.	I get tired.
Hvornår har du tænkt dig at holde op med at ryge?	When do you intend to quit smoking?
Jeg vil gerne rydde op i huset, inden mine forældre kommer.	I would like to clean up the house before my parents come.
Jeg skriver dig et langt brev, fordi jeg ikke havde tid til at skrive et kort.	I am writing you a lengthy letter because I did not have time to write a short one.
Du har haft en rigtig hård dag, ikke?	You've had a really rough day, haven't you?
Det var dig, der sagde, at jeg skulle gøre det.	You're the one who said I should do that.
Gå ikke i nærheden af ​​dem.	Do not go near them.
Hvad skal vi gøre?	What are we gonna do?
Jeg hyggede mig overordentlig, uden at foragte aftensmaden, alt var lækrest.	I enjoyed myself exceedingly, not disdaining the supper, everything being most delicious.
Jeg hyggede mig enormt, tro mig.	I enjoyed myself enormously, believe me.
Jeg hyggede mig som turist, men følte, at jeg var nødt til at gå i gang.	I enjoyed myself as a tourist but felt that I had to get down to business.
Jeg havde det fantastisk i aftes.	I had a marvelous time last night.
Vi havde et fantastisk måltid lørdag aften.	We had a marvelous meal Saturday night.
Tom kigger op mod himlen.	Tom is looking up at the sky.
Tom kigger op i himlen.	Tom is looking up into the sky.
Det er på tide at gøre alvor af at gå over til grønnere teknologi.	It is time to get serious about moving to greener technology.
Det er på tide at gøre alvor af børneprostitution.	It is time to get serious with child prostitution.
Jeg tilbragte min ferie i Tunesien.	I spent my vacation in Tunisia.
Mary gik for langt.	Mary went too far.
Hvad enten det var af frygt eller stolthed, reagerede han ikke.	Whether by fear or by pride, he didn't respond.
Susie faldt ned.	Susie fell down.
Det fungerede perfekt første gang.	It worked perfectly the first time.
Kødet er blevet dårligt.	The meat's gone bad.
De krævede, at hun skulle betale med det samme.	They demanded that she pay immediately.
Ford bringer snart de nye modeller ud.	Ford is bringing out the new models soon.
Jeg fik en takeaway salat til frokost.	I got a takeout salad for lunch.
Jeg vil gerne have salat og tomater på min sandwish, tak.	I'd like lettuce and tomatoes on my sandwish, please.
Hans kone fødte tvillinger.	His wife gave birth to twins.
Jeg skulle have været et par pjaltede kløer, der skubbede hen over gulvene i stille hav.	I should have been a pair of ragged claws, scuttling across the floors of silent seas.
Ingen!	No!
Jeg er ikke prins Hamlet, og det var heller ikke meningen; Jeg er en ledsagerherre, en der vil gøre for at øge et fremskridt, starte en scene eller to, rådgive prinsen; uden tvivl et let værktøj, ærbødigt, glad for at kunne bruges, politisk, forsigtigt og omhyggeligt; fuld af høj sætning, men en smule stump; til tider, ja, næsten latterligt - næsten, til tider, Narren.	I am not Prince Hamlet, nor was meant to be; am an attendant lord, one that will do to swell a progress, start a scene or two, advise the prince; no doubt, an easy tool, deferential, glad to be of use, politic, cautious, and meticulous; full of high sentence, but a bit obtuse; at times, indeed, almost ridiculous— almost, at times, the Fool.
Har du ikke været lærer?	Didn't you use to be a teacher?
Det var en meget god middag.	That was a very good dinner.
Selvom dødsfald har tendens til at være sjældne, er mange mennesker døde som følge af vulkanudbrud i løbet af det sidste kvarte århundrede.	Although fatalities tend to be rare, many people have died as a result of volcanic eruptions during the last quarter century.
I er begge velkommen til at komme med os.	You are both welcome to come with us.
I er begge velkommen til at bo hos os.	You are both welcome to stay with us.
Starte!	Start!
"Har du et minut?"	"You have a minute?"
"Ja, hvorfor?"	"Yes, why?"
Tom drømmer ofte om sin kæreste.	Tom often dreams of his girlfriend.
Rusland garanterede Ukraines suverænitet og dets grænser efter traktaten på nitten og fireoghalvfems, hvorved Ukraine til gengæld gav afkald på sit atomarsenal.	Russia guaranteed the sovereignty of Ukraine, and her borders, following the treaty of nineteen ninety-four, whereby Ukraine, in exchange, renounced her nuclear arsenal.
Død over kongen!	Death to the king!
Du tror, ​​du har fået mig fast, ikke Tom?	You think you've got me pegged, don't you Tom?
Du er en meget speciel for mig.	You are someone very special to me.
Godt arbejde.	Good job.
Super.	Super.
Disse fik ingen navne.	These received no names.
Tom kan ikke beslutte sig for at vælge mellem en Toyota eller en Ford-bil.	Tom can't make up his mind choosing between a Toyota or a Ford car.
Alle bliver ved med at smile.	Everyone keeps on smiling.
Lad mig bestå.	Please let me pass.
Hvad skal jeg med hans brev?	What am I gonna do with his letter?
Jeg er ved at kede mig.	I am getting bored.
Mary skar sig selv, mens hun hakkede løg.	Mary cut herself while she was mincing onions.
Jeg har noget andet på hjerte.	I got something else on my mind.
Så ofte som ikke, lå jeg vågen hele natten.	As often as not, I lay awake all night.
Jeg vil ikke shoppe helt alene.	I don't want to go shopping all alone.
Jeg vil fortælle dig sandheden.	I'm gonna tell you the truth.
Jeg er glad for, at jeg kunne være nyttig for dig.	I'm glad I was able to be useful to you.
Øjeblikkene konspirerede og bragte os sammen.	The moments conspired and brought us together.
En ledig stilling mangler at blive besat.	One vacancy remains to be filled.
Vi kommer ikke til at klare det, vel?	We're not gonna make it, are we?
De måtte efterlade deres køretøjer i sneen.	They had to abandon their vehicles in the snow.
Han begyndte at fornærme manden bag hans ryg.	He began to abase the man behind his back.
Det er helt rigtigt at afskye folk, der er onde.	It's quite right to abominate people who are evil-doers.
Du ser ud til at have nogle alvorlige problemer.	You seem to be having some serious problems.
Du er stærkere end mig.	You're stronger than me.
Jeg håber, vi ses igen.	I hope we'll see you again.
Jeg er sulten, har ikke fået mad siden morgenen.	I am hungry, have not had food since the morning.
Skær ikke unge træer.	Don't cut young trees.
Det er ikke meningen, at fisken skal smides ud.	The fish isn't supposed to be thrown away.
Den kan bruges til at fodre katte med.	It can be used to feed cats.
Ryg ikke.	Don't smoke.
Helium er det næstsimpelste atom.	Helium is the second simplest atom.
Den består af en kerne, der indeholder 2 protoner og 2 neutroner.	It consists of a nucleus containing 2 protons and 2 neutrons.
Rundt om kernen kredser 2 elektroner.	Around the nucleus orbits 2 electrons.
Huset er blevet efterladt til at gå i ruiner.	The house has been left to go to ruin.
Lad det ikke få dig ned!	Don't let it get you down!
Lad os komme til sagen!	Let's get to the point!
Hans forklaringer efterlod mig i en døs.	His explanations left me in a daze.
Overanstreng dig ikke, vel?	Don't overwork, will you?
Han er opslugt af sin bog.	He's engrossed in his book.
Modstanden bliver mere markant.	Opposition is becoming more marked.
Jeg vil ikke have dig til at lyve for mig!	I won't have you lying to me!
Vi er indforstået med dine betingelser.	We are agreeable to your conditions.
Han er ikke åben over for mine argumenter.	He's not open to my arguments.
Skyld det ikke på vejret!	Don't blame it on the weather!
Bliv ved med det!	Keep at it!
Han tilbeder jorden, hun træder på.	He worships the ground she treads on.
Han er milevidt væk.	He is miles away.
Hans ambition er at være først.	His ambition is to be first.
Der var ikke en levende sjæl.	There wasn't a living soul.
Der er tegn på, at økonomien er på vej op.	There are signs that the economy is picking up.
Du er i luften.	You are on the air.
Det nytter ikke noget at dvæle ved detaljer.	There's no point in dwelling on details.
De spiste hjerteligt.	They ate heartily.
Jeg vil lære ham nogle manerer.	I'll teach him some manners.
Ingen kan komme i nærheden af ​​chefen.	No one can get near the boss.
Vi nærmer os vores mål.	We are nearing our goal.
Han blev varetægtsfængslet.	He was taken into custody.
De kom til slag.	They came to blows.
Hans nerve vaklede mig.	His nerve staggered me.
Jeg deler din sorg.	I share your grief.
Han er blevet mere afslappet.	He has become more easy-going.
Hans venlighed er kun en positur.	His kindness is only a pose.
Jeg troede, hun var syg.	I thought she was sick.
Hvordan kan nogen være så samvittighedsløs?	How can someone be so unconscientious?
Jeg synes, at denne bog er for piget til min smag.	I think that this book is too girly for my taste.
Faderen havde problemer med at kommunikere med sin egensindige søn.	The father had trouble communicating with his wayward son.
Han bliver ved med at give mig søde komplimenter, selvom jeg har gjort det klart, at jeg ikke er interesseret i ham.	He keeps giving me cheesy compliments, although I've made it clear that I'm not interested in him.
Det er den fedeste pick-up linje, jeg nogensinde har hørt.	That's the cheesiest pick-up line I've ever heard.
Bunken af ​​lig under broen var sådan et makabert syn.	The pile of bodies under the bridge was such a macabre sight.
Hvordan kan du se så makabre film uden at have mareridt?	How can you watch such macabre movies without having nightmares?
Han nyder at engagere sig i makabre aktiviteter som at dissekere dyrekroppe og forfølge folk på gaden om natten.	He enjoys engaging in macabre activities such as dissecting animal corpses and stalking people on the street at night.
I to er i ledtog mod mig!	The two of you are in cahoots against me!
En istap brød af og faldt på hende og stak hende i brystet.	An icicle broke off and fell on her, stabbing her in the chest.
Jeg synes, at hvalrosser er sødere end søkøer.	I think that walruses are cuter than manatees.
Jeg kan ikke lide is med karamel på.	I don't like ice cream with caramel on it.
Jeg knuste et glas – prøv ikke at træde på skårene, før jeg renser dem.	I broke a glass - try not to step on the shards before I clean them up.
Jeg dræbte ham i et raseri - det var ikke overlagt.	I killed him in a fit of rage - it wasn't premeditated.
Da hun begyndte at tale med mig om at miste sine linser, havde jeg en følelse af déjà vu - det virkede som om, hun havde fortalt mig historien tidligere.	When she started talking to me about losing her lenses, I had a feeling of déjà vu - it seemed as though she'd told me the story previously.
Efterfølgende begyndte hun at skrige og knække vaser.	Subsequently, she started screaming and breaking vases.
Jeg forlod til gengæld nonchalant lejligheden og gik for at drikke te med Mary.	I, in turn, nonchalantly left the apartment, and went to have tea with Mary.
Ingen kan lide opmærksomhed ludere.	Nobody likes attention whores.
Har du et stopur?	Do you have a stopwatch?
Hvordan kan vi gå til stranden uden strandsenge?	How can we go to the beach without beach beds?
Hvis jeg havde vidst, at det ville komme til dette, ville jeg aldrig have givet samtykke.	If I'd known that it would come to this, I would have never consented.
Der er voks på gulvtæppet.	There is wax on the carpet.
Da jeg var barn, nød jeg at ødelægge myretuer.	When I was a child, I enjoyed destroying anthills.
Nogle mennesker finder selvskade trøstende.	Some people find self-harm comforting.
Selvskade er svært at forstå, hvis du aldrig har følt behov for at praktisere det.	Self-harm is difficult to understand if you've never felt the need to practice it.
Selvskade betragtes ofte som en indikator på sindssyge.	Self-harm is often regarded as an indicator of insanity.
Hun tyede til selvskade i et forsøg på at omdanne sin følelsesmæssige smerte til fysisk smerte og forventede, at sidstnævnte ville være mere tolerabel.	She resorted to self-harm in an attempt to convert her emotional pain into physical pain, expecting that the latter would be more tolerable.
Ingen kan lide crybabies.	Nobody likes crybabies.
Jeg kyssede ham under misteltenen.	I kissed him under the mistletoe.
Jeg brugte misteltenen som en undskyldning for at kysse ham.	I used the mistletoe as an excuse to kiss him.
Når du fortæller folk, at du er deprimeret, går de tåbeligt ud fra, at du er ked af det eller ked af det, idet de ikke forstår, hvor dyb en følelsesdepression virkelig er.	When you tell people you're depressed, they foolishly assume that you're sad or upset, failing to comprehend how profound an emotion depression truly is.
Har en ko et lyserødt yver?	Does a cow have a pink udder?
Betyder det, at heste har hove, at de ikke har fingre?	Does the fact that horses have hooves mean that they have no fingers?
Dine suk er forgæves - jeg vil ikke opfylde din fantasi.	Your sighs are in vain - I will not fulfil your fantasy.
Jeg glæder mig ikke til at tage på universitet i udlandet - jeg vil føle intens nostalgi for min hjemby.	I am not looking forward to going to university abroad - I will feel intense nostalgia for my home town.
Biavlere fjerner honningkagen for at samle honningen.	Beekeepers remove the honeycomb to collect the honey.
Hvad er din fetich?	What's your fetish?
Mange mennesker, selv dem der generelt kan lide sex, finder feticher frastødende.	Many people, even ones who generally like sex, find fetishes repulsive.
Kunne du tænke dig at være i et forhold med en, der har en mærkelig fetich?	Would you consider being in a relationship with someone who has an odd fetish?
Vi skulle køre på smalle veje gennem kuperet terræn.	We had to drive on narrow roads through hilly terrain.
Terrænet på Mars fremstår meget gæstfrit.	The terrain on Mars appears very hospitable.
Jeg gled og faldt på fodgængerovergangen, lige da lyset blev rødt.	I slipped and fell on the crosswalk, just when the light turned red.
Det er en provokerende positur.	That's a provocative pose.
Det faktum, at du ikke er i stand til at føle medfølelse, indikerer klart, at du er en psykopat.	The fact that you're unable to feel compassion indicates clearly that you're a psychopath.
Ville du bruge en le i stedet for en plæneklipper?	Would you use a scythe instead of a lawnmower?
Hvorfor kom du porre i suppen?	Why did you put leek in the soup?
Du ved, jeg ikke kan lide det.	You know I don't like it.
Har du vådservietter?	Do you have wet wipes?
Jeg spildte kaffe på mine bukser.	I spilled coffee on my pants.
Jeg bruger vådservietter i stedet for toiletpapir.	I use wet wipes instead of toilet paper.
Jeg skal bare bruge vådservietter, da jeg faktisk ikke kan vaske mine hænder endnu.	I'm just going to use wet wipes, since I can't actually wash my hands yet.
Bredde er en af ​​de grundlæggende dimensioner.	Width is one of the basic dimensions.
Han brugte spyt som smøremiddel.	He used saliva as lubricant.
Fyre er besat af blowjobs.	Guys are obsessed with blowjobs.
Jeg tilbød ham et blowjob, men han sagde, at han ikke var i humør.	I offered him a blowjob, but he said that he wasn't in the mood.
Jeg synes personligt, at blowjobs er sjovere end klassisk sex.	I personally find blowjobs more enjoyable than classical sex.
Den ydre del af øret er lavet af brusk.	The outer part of the ear is made of cartilage.
Jeg elsker linsesuppe.	I love lentil soup.
Lad være med at være så klynkende – du begynder at gå alles på nerverne.	Stop being so whiny - you'll start to get on everyone's nerves.
Han er sådan en klynker - han brøler stadig om, hvordan hans job er for svært, og hvordan hans kone er ond mod ham.	He's such a whiner - he's still ranting about how his job is too difficult and how his wife is mean to him.
Han brækkede sit bækken, da han faldt ned af stigen.	He broke his pelvis when he fell off the ladder.
Blodet sivede gennem mit bukseben, og alle vidste, at jeg var såret.	The blood seeped through my pantleg, and everyone knew I was wounded.
Jeg skar en del af mit bukseben af ​​og brugte det som bandage.	I cut off a part of my pantleg and used it as bandage.
Dine bukseben er for lange – du kommer nok til at snuble.	Your pantlegs are too long - you'll probably trip.
Drenge er kilden til alle problemer i verden.	Boys are the source of all problems in the world.
Hvorfor drøvtygger køer?	Why do cows ruminate?
Hvis jeg løfter det klaver, får jeg brok.	If I lift that piano, I'll get hernia.
Han er i seng, fordi han har brok.	He's in bed because he has a hernia.
Der lå en bunke fyrrekogler under træet.	There was a pile of pinecones under the tree.
Iglen sugede hans blod.	The leech sucked his blood.
Han er en gigolo.	He's a gigolo.
Han har ingen moralske værdier.	He has no moral values.
Hun flettede sit hår af.	She unbraided her hair.
Vandrør er cylindre.	Water pipes are cylinders.
Hvordan finder man volumen af ​​en cylinder?	How do you find the volume of a cylinder?
Han lod mig i stikken.	He left me in the lurch.
Mit yndlingsprogram er "Desperate Housewives".	My favourite show is "Desperate Housewives".
Han er børnelæge.	He's a pediatrician.
Det kyrilliske alfabet fylder mere end det latinske.	The Cyrillic alphabet takes up more space than the Latin one.
Rav bevarer insekter, der bliver fanget i det.	Amber preserves insects that get trapped in it.
Jeg kan ikke forstå, hvordan hun kan være så fair, når hendes bror er mørkhudet.	I can't understand how she can be so fair when her brother is swarthy.
I er alle cretins.	All of you are cretins.
Han er en fjols.	He's a twat.
Jeg kan ikke høre på hans pjat mere.	I can't listen to his nonsense anymore.
Kun en halvvit vil sige sådan noget.	Only a halfwit would say something like that.
Ud fra den måde, han formulerede sine argumenter på, kunne man se, at han var en simpel mand.	Based on the way he formulated his arguments, one could tell that he was a simpleton.
Mange partisaner døde i det slag.	Many partisans died in that battle.
I skoven klatrede aber ned fra baldakinerne.	In the forest, monkeys were climbing down from the canopies.
De stod under baldakinen foran butikken, for at undgå regnen.	They stood under the canopy in front of the store, so as to avoid the rain.
Smukke valmuer voksede ved siden af ​​vejen.	Beautiful poppies were growing beside the road.
Vi lavede en kage, og vi puttede valmuefrø indeni.	We made a cake and we put poppy seeds inside.
Der er noget galt med hendes skjoldbruskkirtel.	There's something wrong with her thyroid gland.
Kirtler udskiller kemiske stoffer i kroppen.	Glands secrete chemical substances into the body.
Duodenum er en del af tyndtarmen.	The duodenum is a section of the small intestine.
Hans lammelser skrider frem, og snart vil han ikke være i stand til at komme ud af sengen.	His paralysis is progressing, and soon he won't be able to get out of bed.
Olmen er mit yndlingsdyr på grund af dets groteske udseende.	The olm is my favourite animal, due to its grotesque appearance.
Hun stak ham med en gylden trefork.	She stabbed him with a golden trident.
Marinerer du stadig grøntsagerne?	Are you still marinating the vegetables?
Tror du, at forspil er en vigtig del af sex?	Do you think that foreplay is an important part of sex?
Hvad plejer du og din kæreste at lave som forspil?	What do you and your boyfriend usually do for foreplay?
Han fik udløsning, mens vi stadig havde forspil.	He ejaculated while we were still having foreplay.
Denne roman er efter min mening hans største opus.	This novel is his greatest opus, in my opinion.
Vi spiste sværdfisk.	We ate swordfish.
Han opbevarer sine tøjklemmer i en spand.	He keeps his clothespins in a bucket.
Ingen mand vil have mig.	No man wants me.
Jeg bliver nødt til at blive kattedame.	I'll have to become a cat lady.
Hvis du øger temperaturen, vil forbindelsen krystallisere.	If you increase the temperature, the compound will crystallize.
Jeg tjekkede en varm fyr ud, da min ven kom.	I was checking a hot guy out when my friend came.
Penis glans er generelt meget følsom.	The glans of the penis is generally very sensitive.
Hvordan kan du ønske at være min ven?	How can you want to be my friend?
Kan du ikke se, at jeg er en stakkel?	Can't you see that I'm a wretch?
Desværre er nogle af os stakler og må lide evigt.	Sadly, some of us are wretches and have to suffer eternally.
Han knuste ikke mit hjerte.	He didn't break my heart.
Han knuste min ånd.	He broke my spirit.
Ville det genere dig, hvis din kæreste havde kønshår?	Would it bother you if your boyfriend had pubic hair?
Er sodomi ulovligt i dit land?	Is sodomy illegal in your country?
Jeg vil sige, at jeg er rask i øjeblikket, men jeg vil ikke jinxe mig selv.	I would say that I'm healthy at the moment, but I don't want to jinx myself.
Jeg kan med sikkerhed sige, at han hader mig.	I can say with certainty that he hates me.
Jeg længes efter ham.	I'm pining for him.
Nu hvor jeg har mistet ham, kan jeg kun sygne ud.	Now that I've lost him, all I can do is languish.
Mens jeg havde lungebetændelse, sygnede jeg bare hen på mit værelse og ventede på at komme mig.	While I had pneumonia, I just languished in my room, waiting to recover.
Jeg spiser ikke fjerkræ.	I don't eat poultry.
Du kan hælde væsken ved at bruge en tragt.	You can pour the liquid by using a funnel.
Han er hendes skønhed nu.	He's her beau now.
Mord er en monstrøs handling.	Murder is a monstrous act.
Jeg håber han kvækker snart.	I hope he croaks soon.
Drop død!	Drop dead!
Han har en robotstemme.	He has a robotic voice.
Har du nogensinde rykket til et billede af en ven?	Have you ever jerked off to a picture of a friend?
Jeg plejer at rykke ud til porno i stedet for mine egne fantasier.	I usually jerk off to porn rather than my own fantasies.
Pædofile behandles grusomt i fængslet.	Pedophiles are cruelly treated in prison.
Pædofili er sandsynligvis mere almindelig, end folk tror.	Pedophilia is probably more common than people think.
Bruges guillotinen stadig af visse lande?	Is the guillotine still used by certain countries?
Denne lysestage er meget tung.	This candlestick is very heavy.
Jeg har brugt mine Q-tips.	I've used up my Q-tips.
Jeg renser mine ører med vatpinde.	I clean my ears using cotton swabs.
Jeg punkterede min trommehinde med en vatpind.	I punctured my eardrum with a cotton bud.
Jeg kan godt lide min kaffe med masser af skum på toppen.	I like my coffee with lots of foam on the top.
En herre burde købe sin kæreste blomster.	A gentleman should buy his girlfriend flowers.
En herre burde åbne døre for sin kæreste.	A gentleman should open doors for his girlfriend.
En herre ville betale for sin kærestes frokost.	A gentleman would pay for his girlfriend's lunch.
Hver gang jeg lader mit vindue stå åbent, flyver insekter ind på mit værelse.	Whenever I leave my window open, bugs fly into my room.
Spækhugger er smukke, men farlige.	Killer whales are beautiful but dangerous.
Dette er en bygning i flere etager.	This is a multi-storey building.
For mig er hans parfume et afrodisiakum.	As far as I'm concerned, his perfume is an aphrodisiac.
En frygtelig tragedie har ramt mig.	A dire tragedy has befallen me.
Der var masser af guld inde i sarkofagen.	There was lots of gold inside the sarcophagus.
Han tænder mig, når han har det tøj på.	He turns me on when he wears those clothes.
Han har en blød stemme.	He has a mellifluous voice.
En sådan adfærd synes ikke dig.	Such conduct does not beseem you.
Denne bygning har en lynafleder.	This building has a lightning rod.
Han besluttede at blive munk.	He decided to become a monk.
Han lemlæstede sine kønsdele med en kniv.	He mutilated his genitals with a knife.
Mænd er stolte af deres kønsdele.	Men are proud of their genitals.
Kønsorganer er mere følsomme end de fleste andre organer.	Genitals are more sensitive than most other organs.
Han fik mig i godt humør.	He put me in a good mood.
At tale med ham gør mig altid i godt humør.	Talking to him always puts me in a good mood.
Hun ødelægger altid mit humør med sine ætsende bemærkninger.	She always destroys my mood with her caustic remarks.
De fleste jomfruer har en intakt jomfruhinde.	Most virgins have an intact hymen.
Når en pige har sex for første gang, brister hendes jomfruhinde og bløder.	When a girl has sex for the first time, her hymen ruptures and bleeds.
I dag, hvis en dreng ikke mister sin mødom inden en alder af 18, vil han højst sandsynligt blive traumatiseret.	Nowadays, if a boy doesn't lose his virginity by the age of 18, he'll most likely be traumatised.
Hun var min kollega, før de fyrede hende.	She was my colleague before they fired her.
Jeg finder striptease frustrerende, da det ikke ofte kulminerer i egentlig sex.	I find striptease frustrating, as it doesn't often culminate in actual sex.
Jeg ved ikke, om jeg skal hyre en stripper eller en luder til min kæreste.	I don't know if I should hire a stripper or a whore for my boyfriend.
Fuck dig og den hest du red ind på!	Fuck you and the horse you rode in on!
Min ven er homoseksuel, og han synes, at cunnilingus er ulækkert.	My friend is gay and he thinks that cunnilingus is disgusting.
Jeg går til P.E. klasse bare så jeg kan se svedige drenge løbe rundt i shorts.	I go to P.E. class just so I can watch sweaty boys running around in shorts.
Han er min eneste passion i livet.	He is my only passion in life.
Når vi keder os, leger vi bøddel.	When we're bored, we play hangman.
Jeg er en hertuginde.	I am a duchess.
Han klippede navlestrengen ved hjælp af en saks.	He cut the umbilical cord using a pair of scissors.
Moderkagens rolle er at nære fosteret.	The role of the placenta is to nourish the foetus.
Hvordan forventer du, at jeg får børn, når jeg ikke har en livmoder?	How do you expect me to have children when I don't have a uterus?
Jeg vil vædde på, at du skal vride din krop i ubehagelige stillinger for at kunne påføre din ryg solcreme.	I bet you have to twist your body into uncomfortable positions to be able to apply sunblock to your back.
Jeg har tænkt mig at hugge hendes hoved af med en kniv.	I'm going to chop her head off with a cleaver.
Jeg kan ikke lide pistacienødder, fordi de er grønne.	I don't like pistachios because they're green.
Der er sækkestole på vores bibliotek.	There are bean bags in our library.
Kan myrten bruges i madlavningen?	Can myrtle be used in cooking?
Jeg kan ikke lide smagen af ​​okra.	I don't like the taste of okra.
Hvorfor er du så klæbrig?	Why are you so clingy?
Nu hvor jeg hader Tom, er al min opmærksomhed blevet omdirigeret til John.	Now that I hate Tom, all of my attention has been redirected to John.
Det er en uhyggelig melodi.	That's an eerie melody.
Hvad er forskellen mellem marmelade og marmelade?	What's the difference between jam and marmalade?
Jeg smører marmelade på mit brød.	I spread marmalade on my bread.
Det patriarkalske system har altid været mere udbredt.	The patriarchal system has always been more prevalent.
Han er patriark.	He's a patriarch.
At se ham med sin kæreste gør mig i dårligt humør.	Seeing him with his girlfriend puts me in a bad mood.
Kan du give mig den høflighed at svare?	Could you do me the courtesy of replying?
Han gjorde mig ikke den høflighed at hilse på mig, da han gik forbi mig.	He didn't do me the courtesy of greeting me when he passed me by.
Den tolvte nævning mangler.	The twelfth juror is missing.
Han er sur i dag.	He is morose today.
Der var blod i sprøjten.	There was blood in the syringe.
Han forlod mig for den trold, der bor på den anden side af gaden.	He left me for that trollop that lives across the street.
Skal jeg tage billedet med eller uden blitz?	Should I take the picture with or without flash?
Blitzen virkede ikke, så han kunne ikke tage et billede i mørket.	The flash wasn't working, so he couldn't take a picture in the dark.
Det er et ubestrideligt faktum.	That's an unquestionable fact.
Guds vilje er ubestridelig.	God's will is unquestionable.
Moderen var grusom mod sin adoptivsøn.	The mother was cruel to her adopted son.
Naboforhold er nødvendige for succes.	Neighbourly relations are necessary for success.
Min mor synes, at lægen er en charlatan.	My mother thinks that the doctor is a charlatan.
Vi beklager virkelig hans fejl.	We are indeed sorry for his mistake.
Nu hvor jeg har mistet min mødom, føler jeg mig meget mere selvsikker.	Now that I've lost my virginity, I feel much more confident.
Nu hvor jeg har haft sex med en pige, tænker jeg ikke længere på ham så ofte.	Now that I've had sex with a girl, I no longer think about him as often.
Efter hvad der skete den aften, holdt hun op med at tale til mig.	After what happened that night, she stopped talking to me.
Jeg føler, at jeg har begået voldtægt, selvom jeg ved, at det ikke giver nogen mening.	I feel as though I've committed rape, although I know that that makes no sense.
Hun kunne have modstået mere aggressivt, hvis hun havde ønsket det.	She could have resisted more aggressively if she'd wanted to.
Jeg håber, at hun ikke bebrejder mig for at chikanere hende, især da det ikke var min hensigt.	I hope that she doesn't blame me for harassing her, particularly since that wasn't my intention.
Jeg ville ønske, hun ville sige noget til mig, så jeg kan vide, om vi stadig er venner.	I wish she would say something to me, so that I can know whether we're still friends.
Han fodrede hønsene med hirse.	He fed the chickens millet.
Øl indeholder humle.	Beer contains hops.
Der er alger i havet.	There are algae in the sea.
Det lugter af salt og alger.	It smells of salt and algae.
Stop med at dramatisere.	Stop dramatizing.
Lad være med at dramatisere.	Don't dramatize.
Alt er fint.	Everything's fine.
Jeg er et enkelt barn.	I'm a single child.
Enlige børn er ofte forkælede.	Single children are often spoiled.
Han er enlig far.	He's a single father.
Tror du, det er nemmere at være alenemor eller alenefar?	Do you think it's easier to be a single mother or a single father?
Mary var så glad over sin mors død, at hun holdt en fest efter sin begravelse.	Mary was so blithe about her mother’s death that she threw a party after her funeral.
Slip ikke ondskab ind i dit hjerte.	Don't let evil into your heart.
Det vil skabe et hjem der.	It will make a home there.
Jeg elsker rytmen i begravelsesmarcher.	I love the rhythm of funeral marches.
Han komponerede en begravelsesmarch til sin egen begravelse.	He composed a funeral march for his own funeral.
Bruden forbliver tavs af respekt for sine nye svigerforældre.	The bride remains silent out of respect for her new parents-in-laws.
Poirots navn bliver ofte udtalt forkert.	Poirot's name often gets mispronounced.
Ms. Marples navn bliver ofte forvekslet med et andet lignende navn.	Ms. Marple's name often gets confused with some other similar name.
Han kom creme fraiche i spaghettien.	He put sour cream in the spaghetti.
Han spiste brød med creme fraiche og ost.	He ate bread with sour cream and cheese.
Han kan godt lide salater, der indeholder creme fraiche.	He likes salads that contain sour cream.
Han fejrer sin navnedag.	He's celebrating his name day.
Der er ikke så mange synagoger i denne by.	There aren't that many synagogues in this city.
Demonstranterne brændte synagogen ned.	The protesters burnt down the synagogue.
Jeg glemte at tænde for kedlen, inden jeg gik i bad.	I forgot to turn on the boiler before taking a shower.
Han er løjtnant.	He is a lieutenant.
Faldskærmsudspringeren faldt i havet og druknede.	The parachutist fell into the ocean and drowned.
Han gik ind i butikken.	He entered the boutique.
Esperanto er et agglutinativt sprog.	Esperanto is an agglutinative language.
Jeg har ikke et etui til mine briller.	I don't have a case for my glasses.
Frø ikke mod folk i bussen.	Don't frot against people in the bus.
Han frottede mod madrassen.	He frotted against the mattress.
Han lagde en mundkurv, før han skar sine håndled over.	He applied a tourniquet before slitting his wrists.
Han rejste mig op.	He stood me up.
Hun rejste mig op.	She stood me up.
Find mig ikke.	Don't find me.
Hvad er dit yndlingsdyr?	What's your favourite animal?
Han laver bare jokes hele tiden.	He just makes jokes all the time.
Vi diskuterer mange ting.	We discuss many things.
Hun ønsker at købe en bog.	She wishes to purchase a book.
Det her er en bog om stjerner.	This one is a book about stars.
Nogen åbner døren.	Someone open the door.
Hendes øjne er smukke.	Her eyes are beautiful.
Dit ansigt får mig til at slå dig.	Your face makes me punch you.
Du skal fortælle mig, hvad der skete, hvor og hvornår.	You need to tell me what happened, where, and when.
Vi er alle ivrige efter at se filmen.	We are all eager to watch the movie.
Jeg drikker kaffe på en cafe.	I drink coffee in a cafe.
Jeg forstår ikke denne sang.	I don't understand this song.
Jeg har drukket vinen.	I have drunk the wine.
Alle har et ønske af en eller anden art.	Everyone has a wish of some kind.
Ingen brød sig om dig.	No one cared about you.
Du vil ikke have, at jeg laver kaffe, vel?	You wan't me to make some coffee, right?
Jeg ved i hvert fald, hvordan man gør det.	I know how to do at least that.
Jeg lover dig, at det ikke varer længe.	I promise you that it won't last long.
Motorcyklerne er meget billige.	The motorcycles are very cheap.
Motorerne er meget billige.	The engines are very cheap.
Tom er føjelig.	Tom is docile.
Det ser ud til, at jeg er blundet.	It appears I've dozed off.
Mit liv var knust.	My life was shattered.
Ville det være rart?	Would that be nice?
Esperanto, EU's officielle sprog, nu!	Esperanto, official language of the EU, now!
Hun er en ung universitetsstuderende.	She is a young university student.
Jeg har et hjem i bjergene.	I have a home in the mountains.
Han kan godt lide musikken.	He likes the music.
Hvor er det nærmeste apotek?	Where is the nearest pharmacy?
Vi bor ikke i Boston.	We do not live in Boston.
Hun skal i biografen i morgen.	She will go to the cinema tomorrow.
Jeg fik ikke nok søvn.	I didn't get enough sleep.
Har du sovet godt i dag?	Did you sleep well today?
Jeg mener, at folk skal være hårdtarbejdende.	I believe that people should be hardworking.
Det er et faktum, at du ikke er særlig arbejdsom.	It is a fact that you are not very industrious.
Tom vil gerne tale med mig.	Tom wishes to speak with me.
Jeg har altid elsket dig så højt.	I have always loved you so much.
Han er ikke en løgner.	He is not a liar.
Jeg kastede bare op.	I just vomited.
Jeg er glad for, at jeg kunne hjælpe dig i sidste uge.	I'm glad that I was able to assist you last week.
Hun er rig, ung og smuk.	She is rich, young, and beautiful.
Vil du have os til at gå i skole?	Do you want us to go to school?
Jeg spiser æblet.	I am eating the apple.
Jeg kan ikke lide hans udseende.	I do not fancy his appearance.
Tom er ikke ung.	Tom is not young.
De fleste mennesker er ude af stand til at udtrykke deres tanker klart.	Most people are incapable of verbalising their thoughts clearly.
Jeg er træt af uperfekte mennesker, så jeg har besluttet at isolere mig i et stykke tid.	I am fed up with imperfect people, so I've decided to isolate myself for a while.
Folk klager ofte over, hvordan andre behandler dem uretfærdigt, idet de undlader at opfatte, at deres egen adfærd er ret forkastelig.	People often complain of how others treat them unjustly, failing to perceive that their own behaviour is quite objectionable.
Det er meget ubehageligt at se, hvordan min mosters demens bliver værre hver måned.	It is very unpleasant to watch how my aunt's dementia keeps getting worse every month.
I dag ser det ud til, at teenagere forbliver umodne meget længere, hvilket er tragisk.	Nowadays, it seems that teenagers remain immature much longer, which is tragic.
Jeg kan ikke lade være med at undre mig over omfanget af menneskelig dumhed.	I can't help but marvel at the extent of human stupidity.
Halskæden rev og perlerne rullede på gulvet.	The necklace tore and the beads rolled on the floor.
Intet får dig til at miste din værdighed mere end at blive forelsket.	Nothing makes you lose your dignity more than falling in love.
Denne halskæde er lavet af jade.	This necklace is made of jade.
Hun mener, at jade har medicinske egenskaber.	She believes that jade has medicinal properties.
Da jeg var barn, legede jeg med Play-Doh.	When I was a child, I played with Play-Doh.
Det er en bæver lavet af Play-Doh.	That's a beaver made out of Play-Doh.
Play-Doh har tilsyneladende en salt smag.	Play-Doh apparently has a salty taste.
Planter du græskar?	Do you plant pumpkins?
Når festligheden slutter, går vi tilbage til arbejdet.	Once the festivity finishes, we'll go back to work.
Der er ikke tid til lystighed.	There is no time for merriment.
Stor jubel bliver ofte efterfulgt af bitter skuffelse.	Great jubilation is often followed by bitter disappointment.
Efter al lysten var lejligheden i stor uorden.	After all the merrymaking, the apartment was in great disarray.
Han lagde tøjet i vaskebaljen.	He put the clothes in the washtub.
Han lagde tøjet i truget.	He put the clothes in the trough.
Der er ingen bedre pude end hans bryst.	There's no better pillow than his chest.
Jeg prøvede at forklare ham det, men han forstår det ikke.	I tried to explain it to him, but he doesn't understand.
Tø kødet op, inden det tilberedes.	Defrost the meat before cooking it.
Blåbærene er ved at tø op på bordet.	The blueberries are defrosting on the table.
Jeg så en kokon på træet.	I saw a cocoon on the tree.
Larver forvandles til sommerfugle, mens de er i en kokon.	Caterpillars transform into butterflies while they're in a cocoon.
Jo mere du lider i livet, jo mere medfølende bliver du.	The more you suffer in life, the more compassionate you become.
Jeg er ikke længere groggy.	I'm no longer groggy.
Dette er en paryk.	This is a wig.
Hans øjne er som safirer.	His eyes are like sapphires.
Jeg vil vise dig en god tid.	I'll show you a good time.
Varulve er bedre end vampyrer.	Werewolves are better than vampires.
Jeg bruger en lommelygte til at inspicere min hals.	I use a flashlight to inspect my throat.
Jeg har aftøse sår på bagsiden af ​​min hals.	I have aphthous ulcers on the back of my throat.
Han fik fjernet sine mandler, fordi de ville blive betændt for ofte.	He had his tonsils removed because they would get inflamed too often.
Jeg tror, ​​at blodkar sprænger i mine lunger, når jeg hoster.	I think that blood vessels are bursting in my lungs when I cough.
Jeg kan ikke hoste slimet op, fordi det er for dybt i mine bronkier.	I can't cough up the phlegm because it's too deep in my bronchi.
Jeg vil ride på ham, indtil han dehydrerer gennem udløsning.	I'm going to ride him until he dehydrates through ejaculating.
Vi har tre sikkerhedsvagter, der tager vagter.	We have three security guards who take shifts.
Jeg opbevarer mine penge i et hul bag et maleri i mit soveværelse.	I keep my money in a hole behind a painting in my bedroom.
Den værste form for tømmermænd er følelsesmæssige tømmermænd.	The worst kind of hangover is emotional hangover.
Jeg brugte en time på at vandre, før jeg indså, hvilken vej jeg skulle gå.	I spent an hour wandering before I realised which way I needed to go.
Storken fløj over byen.	The stork was flying above the city.
Står storke virkelig på ét ben?	Do storks really stand on one leg?
Hun hånede modeslavernes overfladiskhed.	She was mocking the superficiality of fashion slaves.
Du burde have afvist ham lige fra starten i stedet for at føre ham videre.	You should have rejected him right from the start instead of leading him on.
Min tante bad mig købe en spilledåse til hende fra Italien.	My aunt asked me to buy her a music box from Italy.
Jeg tror ikke på kærlighed ved første blik, men jeg tror på begær ved første blik.	I don't believe in love at first sight, but I do believe in lust at first sight.
Jeg er ikke den trendy type.	I'm not the trendy type.
Han og jeg er ligesindede.	He and I are like-minded.
Vi er landsmænd.	We are compatriots.
Mops er ikke søde.	Pugs are not cute.
Alle deltagerne var samlet i storsalen.	All the participants gathered in the main hall.
Jeg kan mindst lide denne bog.	I like this book the least.
Jeg skal bruge ris til min collage.	I'm going to use rice for my collage.
Din mor lagde din collage i den øverste skuffe.	Your mother put your collage in the top drawer.
Binyrerne udskiller adrenalin.	The adrenal glands secrete adrenalin.
Jeg har et adrenalinsus.	I'm having an adrenaline rush.
Hver gang vi taler, får han min adrenalin i gang.	Whenever we talk, he gets my adrenaline going.
Seniorer skal betale for deres kasketter og kjoler.	Seniors need to pay for their caps and gowns.
Jeg har aldrig båret en sovekjole i mit liv.	I've never worn a sleeping gown in my life.
Det er ikke den ægte vare.	It's not the real thing.
Deres nærhed var uhyggelig, da de havde mødt hinanden for kun tre dage siden.	Their propinquity was uncanny, as they'd met only three days ago.
Hun krøllede sit hår med curlers.	She curled her hair with curlers.
Jeg har læst bogen.	I've read the book.
Jeg vil træne basketball med ham.	I want to practice basketball with him.
De siger, at han er meget rig.	They say that he's very rich.
Han kan ikke være særlig velhavende, ud fra hans løn at dømme.	He can't be very wealthy, judging from his salary.
Skræmte jeg dig?	Did I frighten you?
Hun bærer et slør for at skjule sine sår.	She wears a veil to hide her wounds.
Tom er ude af billedet, da han er for ung.	Tom is out of the picture, since he's too young.
Jeg trådte i slammet.	I stepped in the sludge.
Gjorde du det kun for spark?	Did you do it just for kicks?
Han dræbte den gamle dame bare for spark.	He killed the old lady just for kicks.
Han udgød uskyldigt blod bare for spark.	He shed innocent blood just for kicks.
Hvorfor skal du ringe til mig på sådanne ugudelige timer?	Why must you call me at such ungodly hours?
Døm ikke de ugudelige.	Do not judge the ungodly.
Overlad det til Gud selv.	Leave that to God himself.
Ugudelige mænd ransagede templet.	Ungodly men ransacked the temple.
Det gudløse samfund blev opfattet som uciviliseret af dets naboer.	The godless community was perceived as uncivilised by its neighbours.
Den gudløse kvinde skal straffes.	The godless woman must be punished.
Kongen stemplede bøgerne som gudløse og beordrede, at de skulle brændes.	The king labelled the books as godless and ordered that they be burnt.
Han var min våbenkammerat.	He was my comrade in arms.
Grise er ligetåede hovdyr.	Pigs are even-toed ungulates.
Tapirer er ulige tåede hovdyr.	Tapirs are odd-toed ungulates.
Hvornår gyder laks?	When do salmon spawn?
Kyllingerne er i hønsehuset.	The chickens are in the henhouse.
Ulven gik ind i hønsehuset.	The wolf went into the henhouse.
Hønsehuset brød i brand, men hønsene slap væk.	The henhouse caught fire, but the chickens escaped.
Der er ingen æg i hønsehuset.	There are no eggs in the henhouse.
Der er omkring halvfjerds høns i hønsehuset, men kun en hane.	There are about seventy hens in the henhouse, but only one rooster.
Parat!	Ready!
Hun har perleøjne.	She has pearly eyes.
Hun har perlefarvede tænder.	She has pearly teeth.
Tom beundrede stoffets perlehvidhed.	Tom admired the pearly whiteness of the fabric.
Dette sommerferiested er ikke længere så populært, som det plejede at være.	This summer resort is no longer as popular as it used to be.
Bingo er noget, bedstemødre spiller.	Bingo is something that grandmothers play.
Stik ikke fingrene bag døren.	Don't stick your fingers behind the door.
Jeg kan knuse dem, når jeg lukker den.	I might crush them when I close it.
De fængslede og tvangsfodrede demonstranterne i et forsøg på at nedgøre deres sultestrejke.	They imprisoned and subsequently force-fed the protesters in an attempt to belittle their hunger strike.
Han tvangsfodrer sin gås.	He's force-feeding his goose.
For 30 år siden blev uret slået ned af lynet.	Thirty years ago, the clock was struck by lightning.
Gederne er i stien.	The goats are in the pen.
Fårene er i stien.	The sheep are in the pen.
Grisene er ikke i stien.	The pigs are not in the pen.
Bonden gik ind i svinestalden.	The farmer entered the pigsty.
"Jeg har rettet computeren."	"I fixed the computer."
"Ja, rigtigt."	"Yeah, right."
"Jeg låste pengeskabet op."	"I unlocked the safe."
"Ja, rigtigt."	"Yeah, right."
Min mor synes, at kejsersnit er farligt.	My mother thinks that caesarian sections are dangerous.
Babyen sidder fast.	The baby is stuck.
Et kejsersnit er nødvendigt.	A caesarian section is necessary.
Jeg er fra Skopje.	I am from Skopje.
Hendes nederdel har en slids på den ene side.	Her skirt has a slit on one side.
Hun slikkede sit sår og erklærede, at hun var en vampyr.	She licked her wound and declared that she was a vampire.
Han rev kjolen i stykker.	He tore the dress to pieces.
Han rev teltet i stykker.	He tore the tent to pieces.
Hun flippede ud, da en due fløj ind.	She freaked out when a pigeon flew in.
Ja, jeg sagde, at mord er en synd, men jeg har aldrig sagt, at synd er forkert.	Yes, I said that murder is a sin, but I never said that sins are wrong.
Stop med at poppe bumser foran spejlet.	Stop popping pimples in front of the mirror.
Der er en knap på indersiden af ​​døren.	There's a button on the inner side of the door.
Hvis du vil have penge, har jeg en rig mand.	If you want money, I've got a rich husband.
Hun åbnede mine beskeder og ignorerede dem bevidst.	She opened my messages and ignored them deliberately.
Du sagde, du ville skrive til mig om aftenen, men du løj åbenbart.	You said you would text me in the evening, but you lied, evidently.
Det, at du forsvinder i ugevis uden nogen åbenbar grund, generer mig.	The fact that you disappear for weeks with no apparent reason bothers me.
Jeg tror, ​​at dette billede er relevant for vores diskussion fra i går.	I think that this image is relevant to our discussion from yesterday.
Jeg ved ikke, hvordan det skete, men det var åbenbart meningen.	I don't know how it happened, but it was obviously meant to be.
Vi kan ikke være sammen længere.	We can't be together anymore.
Det var ikke meningen.	It wasn't meant to be.
Politiet fandt et patronhylster ved siden af ​​liget.	The police found a cartridge case next to the body.
Det er lige under din næse.	It's right under your nose.
Jeg skriver det igen.	I'll retype it.
En fyr med et stort overskæg begyndte at følge efter mig.	A guy with a big mustache started following me.
Han sagde, at jeg ikke har ret til at bo her, eller noget i den retning.	He said that I have no right to live here, or something to that effect.
Du kan ikke gøre, hvad du vil.	You can't do whatever you like.
For det første har du ikke ret til at drage konklusioner.	First of all, you have no right to make conclusions.
For det andet var dit argument baseret på en ugyldig antagelse.	Second of all, your argument was based on an invalid assumption.
Skoven er fyldt med farlige væsner, herunder udyr, slanger, giftige insekter og andet.	The forest is filled with dangerous creatures, including beasts, snakes, poisonous insects, and whatnot.
Hun blev ved med at pludre om, hvordan hendes kæreste er venlig, medfølende, modig og hvad der ellers.	She kept blabbering about how her boyfriend is kind, compassionate, brave, and whatnot.
Peberfrugt har generelt en sød smag.	Bell peppers generally have a sweet taste.
Er du skør eller bare dum?	Are you fucking crazy or just stupid?
Hendes mors død aflastede hende.	Her mother's death unburdened her.
Tom er en bølle.	Tom is a ruffian.
Lad være med at være besat af det.	Stop obsessing over that.
Mary tog sin pistol og skød.	Mary took her pistol and fired.
Han har en enbryn.	He has a unibrow.
Barber din unbrow af.	Shave off your unibrow.
Han er selvbevidst på grund af sin enbryn.	He's self-conscious because of his unibrow.
Er det du gør eller er det bare en tilfældighed?	Is this your doing or just a coincidence?
Vi lod os rive med af vores samtale.	We got carried away with our conversation.
Han nysede og dækkede sig til med snot.	He sneezed and covered himself with snot.
Han skudte katten.	He shooed the cat.
Stop med at skyde hønsene.	Stop shooing the chickens.
Skyd mig ikke, som om jeg var en hund.	Don't shoo me as though I were a dog.
Han skød gåsen væk og lukkede døren.	He shooed the goose away and closed the door.
Den heteronormative propaganda gjorde mig utilpas.	The heteronormative propaganda made me uncomfortable.
Hvad er meningen med at bekæmpe heteronormativitet med mere heteronormativitet?	What's the point of fighting heteronormativity with more heteronormativity?
De er sådan en heteronormativ familie.	They're such a heteronormative family.
Heteronormativitet er tæt forbundet med sexisme.	Heteronormativity is closely linked to sexism.
Jeg ved det ikke; han ser ud til at være en heteronormativ fjols.	I don't know; he appears to be a heteronormative jerk.
Alle fædrelandets forrædere vil blive straffet.	All traitors of the fatherland will be punished.
Vingeløse insekter er mindre skræmmende end vingeløse insekter.	Wingless insects are less scary than winged ones.
Organisten var ældre.	The organist was elderly.
Den gamle mand blev barnlig før sin død.	The old man became childish before his death.
Han begyndte at optræde på en barnlig måde.	He started acting in a childish manner.
Slimhinden er meget følsom.	The mucous membrane is very sensitive.
"Hvorfor knækkede du min vase?"	"Why did you break my vase?"
"Tit for tat."	"Tit for tat."
Den gamle kvinde gav sin vicevært tilladelse til at administrere hendes kreditkort.	The old woman authorized her caretaker to manage her credit cards.
"Hvad laver du?"	"What are you doing?"
"Jeg vegeterer."	"I'm vegetating."
Jeg vil hellere dø nu end at plante i halvtreds år mere.	I'd rather die now than vegetate for fifty more years.
Stop med at plante på sofaen.	Stop vegetating on the couch.
Da jeg hørte det, blev jeg forfærdet.	When I heard that, I was mortified.
Rytteren er hovedløs.	The horseman is headless.
Hvorfor er du så sur?	Why are you so morose?
Mary slog Tom med en stegepande.	Mary clobbered Tom with a skillet.
Fåret er hvidt med sorte ringe omkring øjnene.	The sheep is white with black rings around her eyes.
I går fik min moster sit syn tilbage.	Yesterday, my aunt regained her sight.
Jeg var ikke hjemme, da barnet tog sine første skridt.	I wasn't at home when the baby took its first steps.
Han råbte op om sine klassekammerater.	He outshouted his classmates.
Liget blev fundet under overkørslen.	The body was found under the overpass.
Han blev slynget ud af broen ud på vejen nedenfor.	He was thrown off the overpass onto the road below.
Stop med at dissere mig foran Mary.	Stop dissing me in front of Mary.
Mennesker med lavt selvværd kan ikke klare at blive dissederet.	People with low self-esteem can't handle being dissed.
Han købte stålværket.	He bought the steelworks.
Der er et stålværk ved siden af ​​floden.	There is a steelworks beside the river.
En fredsstifter blev tilkaldt.	A peacemaker was summoned.
Stammen var ikke glad for fredsstifterens fremkomst.	The tribe wasn't delighted about the advent of the peacemaker.
Denne sætning er noget rod.	This sentence is a mess.
Er det skrevet af en udlænding?	Was it written by a foreigner?
Det er et overflødigt, ætsende spørgsmål.	That's a redundant, caustic question.
I går puttede jeg honning i min te.	Yesterday, I put honey in my tea.
Strygeinstrumenter er romantiske.	String instruments are romantic.
Jeg vasker op igen.	I'll wash the dishes once again.
Stik ikke kniven i munden.	Don't put the knife in your mouth.
Babyen putter ranglen i munden.	The baby is putting the rattle in its mouth.
Min kæreste har et armbånd på.	My boyfriend wears a wrist band.
Kom så, Tom, slå ham op!	Come on, Tom, bust him up!
Regnmåleren er i stykker.	The rain gauge is broken.
Pluviometeret er ødelagt.	The pluviometer is broken.
Pluviografen er i stykker.	The pluviograph is broken.
Der var ingen modbeviser.	There was no counterevidence.
Politimanden opdagede modbeviser.	The policeman discovered counterevidence.
Hun blev våd, da han begyndte at kærtegne hendes bryster.	She got wet when he started caressing her breasts.
De accepterede ikke modforslaget.	They didn't accept the counterproposal.
Han podede en pære på kvæden.	He grafted a pear on the quince.
Tjørnetræet var højt.	The hawthorn tree was tall.
Gør cigaretten færdig og kom så indenfor.	Finish the cigarette and then come inside.
Dette billede er taget af ham.	This picture was taken by him.
Min hund er ved at fælde sin pels.	My dog is shedding its coat.
Min kat fælder hår.	My cat is shedding hair.
Jeg venter på at læse om dig i aviserne.	I'll be waiting to read about you in newspapers.
Jeg venter på at se dig i fjernsynet.	I'll be waiting to see you on television.
Tag ikke fejl, følelsen er gensidig.	Make no mistake, the feeling is mutual.
Det nytter ikke noget at du møder dem, da du ikke har meget at tilbyde.	There's no point in you meeting them, since you don't have much to offer.
Dette er hans bil.	This is his car.
Der er slet ikke vand i denne ørken.	There's no water at all in this desert.
Der er intet brød overhovedet i dette hus.	There's no bread whatsoever in this house.
Det er solskin, men vandet er koldt.	It's sunny, but the water is cold.
Vi spillede basketball og gik derefter til stranden.	We played basketball and then went to the beach.
Han spyttede i jorden.	He spat on the ground.
Kun yokler spytter på jorden.	Only yokels spit on the ground.
Jeg vil give dig hvad for.	I'll give you what for.
Tom gav Mary hvad for.	Tom gave Mary what for.
Det er en meget stor bid.	That's a very big bite.
Mary opsagde vores venskab.	Mary terminated our friendship.
Vi løb rundt om springvandet i parken.	We ran around the fountain in the park.
Tom er notar.	Tom is a notary.
Jeg hørte Marys synge.	I heard Mary's singing.
Tom er en pral.	Tom is a braggart.
Mary er en praler.	Mary is a braggart.
Han spiser svinekoteletter.	He's eating pork chops.
Dette er en ørkenblomst.	This is a desert flower.
Tom er en dum.	Tom is a doofus.
Han parterede liget.	He dismembered the body.
Vores plan er gået skævt.	Our plan has gone askew.
Alt, hvad jeg foretager mig, går galt.	Everything I undertake goes wrong.
Min indsats har hidtil været forgæves.	My efforts have been futile thus far.
Jeg er vebegone.	I am woebegone.
Min inkompetence gør mig ondt.	My incompetence aggrieves me.
Vi er stadig i mørke med hensyn til morderens identitet.	We're still in the dark as to the identity of the killer.
Perfektionister har sværere ved at fungere end almindelige mennesker.	Perfectionists find it harder to function than average people.
Jeg hader det, når jeg drømmer ting, der modsiger det, jeg føler, når jeg er vågen.	I hate it when I dream things that contradict what I feel when awake.
Mit liv er ikke mælk og honning.	My life is not milk and honey.
Alt er ikke mælk og honning i Canada.	All is not milk and honey in Canada.
Dette er en dræbermaskine.	This is a killing machine.
Hans morderiske blik skræmte hende.	His murderous gaze frightened her.
Stop med at fodre mig med ormefrugt.	Stop feeding me wormy fruit.
Kirsebærene er ormefulde.	The cherries are wormy.
Æblerne ormer.	The apples are wormy.
Jeg har lige taget en bid af et ormeæble.	I just took a bite from a wormy apple.
Hvorfor er disse æbler ormelige, selvom de er blevet sprøjtet?	How come these apples are wormy although they've been sprayed?
Er gedder spiselige?	Are pike edible?
Der er en gedde i dammen.	There is a pike in the pond.
Jeg øver klaver, når jeg keder mig.	I practice the piano when I'm bored.
Jeg øver ikke klaver så ofte, som jeg burde.	I don't practice the piano as often as I should.
Stormen rasede i tre dage.	The storm raged for three days.
Han rasede som et vildt dyr.	He raged like a wild beast.
Ilden rasede og tærede hele landsbyen.	The fire raged and consumed the whole village.
Han raser, fordi hans ønske ikke er blevet opfyldt.	He's raging because his wish hasn't been granted.
Mary strittede af raseri, efter at Tom knækkede sin vase.	Mary bristled with rage after Tom broke her vase.
Jeg fandt Tom ryge vandpibe.	I found Tom smoking a hookah.
Lad os gå til cafeen, hvor de serverer vandpiber.	Let's go to the cafe where they serve hookahs.
Er vandpiber sundere end cigaretter?	Are hookahs healthier than cigarettes?
Han røg en vandpibe med citronsmag.	He was smoking a hookah with lemon flavour.
Jeg vil ryge vandpibe igen.	I want to smoke a hookah again.
I dag ventede jeg i kortere tid end normalt, før han ankom.	Today, I waited for a shorter amount of time than usual before he arrived.
Hvis du koncentrerer dig, vil du være i stand til at afslutte inden for et kortere tidsinterval.	If you concentrate, you'll be able to finish within a shorter time interval.
Jeg er begyndt at træne mere intensivt i kortere tid.	I've started exercising more intensively for a shorter amount of time.
De diskuterede i kortere tid, end jeg havde forventet.	They debated for a shorter amount of time than I'd expected.
Hvis jeg vælger galgen i stedet for giften, vil jeg lide i kortere tid, før jeg dør.	If I choose the gallows instead of the poison, I'll suffer for a shorter amount of time before dying.
Toms mobil ringede til Mary.	Tom's mobile butt-dialled Mary.
Jeg minimerede vinduet.	I minimized the window.
Jeg skriver i et minimeret dokument.	I'm typing in a minimized document.
Jeg har minimeret dokumentet og derefter maksimeret det igen.	I minimized the document and then maximized it again.
Jeg nyser ikke så meget, som jeg havde forventet.	I'm not sneezing as much as I'd expected.
Jeg er færdig med at oversætte for i dag.	I finished translating for today.
Hun skriver irrelevante indlæg, og også stødende.	She writes irrelevant posts, and offensive ones at that.
Han skrev en bog, og en fremragende.	He wrote a book, and an excellent one at that.
Mary hyrede en ny husholderske, og en kompetent én.	Mary hired a new housekeeper, and a competent one at that.
Tom ringede til Mary.	Tom butt-dialled Mary.
Han stod i ærefrygt foran hende.	He stood in awe before her.
Mary er en kvinde, der vækker ærefrygt hos alle, der møder hende.	Mary is a woman who inspires awe in all who meet her.
Mary er en formidabel kvinde.	Mary is a formidable woman.
Jeg ved ikke, hvordan man tvinger denne lås.	I don't know how to force this lock.
De udslettede en hel art.	They wiped out an entire species.
Hvis jeg slår dig, vil hele byen blive kvalt af ansigtspudder.	If I slap you, the whole city will suffocate from face powder.
Tom er keramiker.	Tom is a potter.
Laug var en vigtig del af samfundet i middelalderen.	Guilds were an important part of society in the Middle Ages.
Han er medlem af et keramikerlaug.	He is a member of a potters' guild.
Tom er sadelmager.	Tom is a saddler.
Tom er en pilgrim.	Tom is a pilgrim.
Mary opfører sig vildt.	Mary is acting wild.
Dette er den nulte lov.	This is the zeroth law.
Afslut, hvad du sagde.	Finish what you were saying.
Steg kartoflerne færdig.	Finish frying the potatoes.
Kog gulerødderne færdig.	Finish boiling the carrots.
Bag tærten færdig.	Finish baking the pie.
Brug det, der er tilbage af pengene.	Spend what remains of the money.
Afslut med at græde, og så taler vi.	Finish crying and then we'll talk.
Afslut med at klippe papiret.	Finish cutting the paper.
Afslut vinduespudsningen.	Finish cleaning the windows.
Vejrullen larmer.	The road roller is noisy.
Vejtromlen jævner gaden.	The road roller is levelling the street.
Dette er en drømmeordbog.	This is a dream dictionary.
Tom konsulterede en drømmeordbog for at tyde sit mareridt.	Tom consulted a dream dictionary in order to interpret his nightmare.
Mary har ingen viljestyrke.	Mary has no will power.
Mary er på vagt over for fremmede.	Mary is wary of strangers.
Er det okay, hvis jeg ikke møder op?	Is it okay if I don't show up?
"Er det okay?"	"Is that okay?"
"Nej, det er ikke i orden."	"No, it's not okay."
Fåret er ved at dø af svimmelhed.	The sheep is dying of gid.
Det er imiteret læder.	That's imitation leather.
Hvordan kan jeg tilgive dig, hvis jeg aldrig har følt mig forkert til at begynde med?	How can I forgive you if I never felt wronged to begin with?
Mary snurrede mig.	Mary screwed me over.
Begge hendes kinder blev røde.	Both of her cheeks turned red.
Hendes kinder blev røde.	Her cheeks turned red.
Træd ikke i mudderet.	Don't step in the mud.
Jeg trådte i mudderet.	I stepped in the mud.
Vi solgte vores sjæl for penge.	We sold our souls for money.
Dit slot er under angreb.	Your castle is under attack.
Mennesker er følende væsener.	Humans are sentient beings.
Nu, hvor Mary er forsvundet med alle pengene, er jeg forkludret.	Now that Mary's disappeared with all the money, I'm screwed.
Klaren fra hestens hove dulmede ham.	The clatter of the horse's hooves soothed him.
Jeg hører larm fra børnene i baggrunden.	I hear the hubbub of the children in the background.
Osten er meget strækbar.	The cheese is very stretchy.
Tom er en turncoat.	Tom is a turncoat.
Jeg lider af restless leg syndrome.	I suffer from restless leg syndrome.
Marys bedstemor er tandløs.	Mary's grandmother is toothless.
Hjemmesiden halter.	The website is lagging.
Hvad får websteder til at halte?	What causes websites to lag?
Hvordan kan jeg rette forsinkelsen?	How can I fix the lag?
Hjemmesiden er frosset.	The webpage has frozen.
Marys bedstemor har ingen tænder.	Mary's grandmother doesn't have any teeth.
Jeg gik ind i et spejl.	I walked into a mirror.
Hvis du skulle bo på en øde ø og kun kunne tage én bog med dig, hvilken ville du så vælge?	If you had to go live on a deserted island and could only take one book with you, which one would you choose?
Jeg gik ind i en dør.	I walked into a door.
Jeg gik ind i en mur.	I walked into a wall.
Du er kompetent, men du er sløv.	You're competent but you're slacking.
Stop med at slække, ellers fyrer jeg dig.	Stop slacking or I'll fire you.
Han limede vasen sjusket sammen.	He glued the vase together sloppily.
Hvis du slapper af i stedet for at skrive, bliver du aldrig færdig med bogen.	If you slack instead of typing, you'll never finish the book.
Jeg ændrer aldrig min søvncyklus.	I never change my sleep cycle.
Min søvncyklus er blevet afbrudt.	My sleep cycle has been disrupted.
At gå ud med venner om natten er desværre uforeneligt med min søvncyklus.	Going out with friends at night is sadly incompatible with my sleep cycle.
Det er ikke rigtig noget, man behøver at forberede sig på.	That's not really something one would need to prepare for.
Det er en anstrengende opgave.	That's a strenuous task.
Ris kiks havde en tun topping.	The rice crackers had a tuna topping.
Mary sagde, at Tom var for ufølsom eller sådan noget.	Mary said that Tom was too insensitive, or something such.
Mary sagde, at Tom var for påtrængende, eller noget i den retning.	Mary said that Tom was too importunate, or something along those lines.
Mary sagde, at Tom var inkompetent, eller noget i den retning.	Mary said that Tom was incompetent, or something to that effect.
Dette væv er blevet irreversibelt beskadiget.	This tissue has been irreversibly damaged.
Før du gør det, skal du spørge din mor om lov.	Before doing so, you must ask your mother for permission.
Før dette arbejdede jeg som taxachauffør.	Before this, I worked as a cab driver.
Før det var der intet planteliv i denne region.	Before that, there was no plant life in this region.
Før dette ringede Mary til mig for at spørge, hvordan det gik med projektet.	Before this, Mary called me to ask how the project was coming along.
I overensstemmelse med vores aftale holdt han op med at stille mig personlige spørgsmål.	In accordance with our agreement, he stopped asking me personal questions.
Kraven gnavede hendes hals.	The collar chafed her neck.
Storme har slidt på det yderste lag maling.	Storms have abraded the outer layer of paint.
Mine sko gnaver mine fødder.	My shoes are chafing my feet.
Det var en fristelse, Mary, og du bukkede under.	It was a temptation, Mary, and you succumbed.
På russisk bukker navneord af udenlandsk oprindelse generelt ikke under for integration.	In Russian, nouns of foreign origin generally don't succumb to integration.
Mary bukkede under for Toms indflydelse.	Mary succumbed to Tom's influence.
"Tom elsker mig ikke."	"Tom doesn't love me."
"Nå, bøv."	"Well, boohoo."
Jeg prøvede at følge med dem, men til sidst kom jeg bagud.	I tried to keep up with them, but eventually I fell behind.
Jeg havde for mange opgaver, så jeg kom hurtigt nok bagud.	I had too many assignments, so I fell behind soon enough.
Moralske værdier er vigtige i samfundet.	Moral values are important in society.
Tom har ingen moralske værdier.	Tom has no moral values.
Mary gav afkald på sine moralske værdier og blev nihilist.	Mary renounced her moral values and became a nihilist.
Mary er socialt akavet.	Mary is socially awkward.
Socialt akavede børn er mere modtagelige for mobning.	Socially awkward children are more susceptible to bullying.
Socialt akavede mennesker har sværere ved at finde romantiske partnere.	Socially awkward people have a harder time finding romantic partners.
Socialt akavede mennesker har en tendens til at udvikle usikkerhed.	Socially awkward people tend to develop insecurities.
Mary har ikke mod nok til at konfrontere Tom direkte.	Mary doesn't have enough courage to confront Tom directly.
Mary minder mig om mig selv i den alder.	Mary reminds me of myself at that age.
Jeg holdt mig knap nok tilbage fra at kaste op.	I barely restrained myself from vomiting.
Læs bogen færdig.	Finish reading the book.
Spil færdig, og så studerer vi.	Finish playing and then we'll study.
Færdig med at grave graven.	Finish digging the grave.
Afslut sangen.	Finish the song.
Læs novellen færdig.	Finish reading the novel.
Har du spist skaldyr?	Have you eaten seafood?
Skaldyr, lad os sige.	Shellfish, let's say.
"Han ringede ikke hele dagen, og da han kom hjem sent om aftenen, bad han mig om at lade ham være."	"He didn't call the entire day, and when he came home late in the evening, he asked me to leave him alone."
"Hvor typisk Tom."	"How typical of Tom."
Mary købte en film til senere.	Mary bought a movie for later.
Er dette endnu en af ​​dine barnlige vittigheder?	Is this another one of your puerile jokes?
Dette er et infantilt spil.	This is an infantile game.
Mary, er du anstændig?	Mary, are you decent?
Vent, mens jeg gør mig anstændig.	Wait while I make myself decent.
Jeg er stødt over din åbenlyse ignorering af mine følelser.	I am offended by your blatant disregard for my feelings.
Jeg udviklede en aversion mod fisk og skaldyr.	I developed an aversion toward seafood.
Jeg udviklede en modvilje mod ordet "fantastisk".	I developed an aversion toward the word "awesome".
Tom og Mary talte på deres respektive sprog.	Tom and Mary spoke in their respective languages.
Vi ser den film en anden dag.	We'll watch that movie another day.
Dette er en sangbar melodi.	This is a singable melody.
Tom optrådte, og publikum klappede.	Tom performed and the crowd applauded.
Jeg ser fjernsyn.	I am watching television.
Toms hund er en kælling.	Tom's dog is a mutt.
Denne tand er en fortand.	This tooth is an incisor.
Dette er en hundetand.	This is a canine tooth.
Marys nabo har travlt.	Mary's neighbor is a busybody.
Australien er en marionetstat.	Australia is a puppet state.
Dette selskab er en politisk marionet.	This corporation is a political puppet.
Det er for tåget.	It's too foggy.
Jeg kan ikke se noget.	I can't see a thing.
Dette oksekød er så sjældent, at en god dyrlæge kunne redde det.	This beef is so rare that a good vet could save it.
Tom er en gourmand.	Tom is a gourmand.
Klokken er halv tolv midnat.	It is half past midnight.
Til min store forfærdelse kom Mary til festen iført en stiv kjole.	Much to my dismay, Mary came to the party wearing a prurient dress.
Til min store glæde bragte Mary mig en spilledåse fra Boston som gave.	Much to my delight, Mary brought me a music box from Boston as a gift.
Til min store overraskelse ignorerede Mary min anmodning.	Much to my surprise, Mary disregarded my request.
Til min store skuffelse undlod Mary at reparere computeren.	Much to my disappointment, Mary failed to repair the computer.
Mary klagede igen over sin mand - den samme gamle historie.	Mary complained about her husband again - the same old story.
Det er tør information.	That's dry information.
Det er en meget tør forklaring.	That's a very dry explanation.
"Laver du en snemand?"	"Are you making a snowman?"
"Nej, jeg laver en snekvinde."	"No, I'm making a snow woman."
"Jeg fandt ud af det.	"I figured it out.
Jeg er ikke så dum, du ved."	I'm not that stupid, you know."
"Åh, tak.	"Oh, please.
Mary har åbenbart fortalt dig alt."	Mary has obviously told you everything."
Han flyver på en bevinget hest.	He's flying on a winged horse.
Mary modtog et giftbrev.	Mary received a poison pen letter.
Tom skrev giftbreve til de fleste af sine naboer.	Tom wrote poison pen letters to most of his neighbors.
Jeg løser det matematiske problem igen.	I'll solve the mathematical problem again.
Dette er en glasmosaik.	This is a glass mosaic.
Dette er en forklaring på dummies.	This is an explanation for dummies.
"Jeg skal arbejde hele weekenden."	"I'll be working all weekend."
"Hvorfor?	"Why?
Hvad skete der med den anden rengøringsdame?"	What happened to the other cleaning lady?"
"Åh, så jeg er rengøringskone nu?	"Oh, so I'm a cleaning lady now?
Tak for forfremmelsen."	Thank you for the promotion."
Hvorfor er din mund åben?	Why is your mouth open?
"Lad være med at krydse benene på den måde."	"Don't cross your legs like that."
"Hvorfor ikke?"	"Why not?"
"Nå, medmindre du har en vagina, er det upassende."	"Well, unless you've got a vagina, it's inappropriate."
Der står en kurv fuld af bananer på disken.	There is a basket full of bananas on the counter.
Dette land er en førende importør af olie.	This country is a leading importer of oil.
Han hakkede hende på læberne.	He pecked her on the lips.
Hvad er produktets kode?	What's the product's code?
Hvorfor er der svinevinger på menuen, når grise faktisk ikke har nogen vinger?	Why are there pork wings on the menu when pigs don't actually have any wings?
Efter flere års kvindeliv slog Tom sig endelig ned med Mary.	After years of womanising, Tom finally settled down with Mary.
Lungerne er placeret i thoraxburet.	The lungs are situated in the thoracic cage.
Tom har flettet sit skæg.	Tom has braided his beard.
Jeg tørrede vindueskarmen af ​​med et køkkenrulle.	I wiped the window sill with a paper towel.
En modstander af begrænsede dimensioner kan ofte være ret afledende.	An opponent of limited dimensions can often be quite diverting.
Mary lovede at bage en kage til mig, men så afviste hun.	Mary promised to bake me a cake, but then she reneged.
Jeg beundrer den vedholdenhed, hvormed du beskytter din søn.	I admire the adamance with which you protect your son.
De scannede rumskibet med en sonde.	They scanned the spaceship with a probe.
Jeg er ikke længere søvnig.	I am no longer sleepy.
Jeg er ikke længere sulten.	I am no longer hungry.
Du har en bestået karakter.	You have a passing grade.
Jeg kan genkende min egen slags.	I can recognise my own kind.
Mary spillede hopscotch.	Mary played hopscotch.
Makedonsk har fire verbale stemninger: vejledende, betinget, imperativ og renarrativ.	Macedonian has four verbal moods: indicative, conditional, imperative, and renarrative.
Mary tog et antiemetikum.	Mary took an antiemetic.
Mary tog et brækmiddel.	Mary took an emetic.
Mary har brug for at blive beroliget.	Mary needs to be tranquilised.
Næse den.	Muzzle it.
Mary spiser fondue.	Mary is eating fondue.
Tom vil have chokoladefondue.	Tom wants chocolate fondue.
Hvad skal jeg dyppe i fonduen?	What am I supposed to dip in the fondue?
Du har savnet en knap.	You've missed a button.
Tom ejer en plantage.	Tom owns a plantation.
Mary gik langs floden med en anelse om, at det var sidste gang, hun ville gå nogen steder som en fri kvinde.	Mary walked along the river with a foreboding that this was the last time she would walk anywhere as a free woman.
Mary trak følelsen af ​​at angribe på skuldrene væk.	Mary shrugged the sense of foreboding away.
Trods hendes forvarsel gik Mary ind i kælderen.	Despite her foreboding, Mary entered the cellar.
Jeg har et forvarsel om, at der er noget farligt i vente for os i den hule.	I have a foreboding that something dangerous lies in store for us in that cave.
Ulvenes skrig i det fjerne gav Mary en følelse af varsel.	The cries of wolves in the distance gave Mary a sense of foreboding.
De kvækkende frøer inspirerede til rysten hos Mary.	The croaking frogs inspired tremor in Mary.
Loch Ness-monstret er en bymyte.	The Loch Ness monster is an urban myth.
Hvad er forskellen mellem en overtro og en bymyte?	What's the difference between a superstition and an urban myth?
Troen på, at det at gå udenfor med dit hår stadig vådt vil resultere i meningitis er blot en bymyte.	The belief that going outside with your hair still wet will result in meningitis is just an urban myth.
Tom reparerede formentlig computeren.	Presumably, Tom repaired the computer.
Mary vandede formentlig blomsterne, mens vi var væk.	Presumably, Mary watered the flowers while we were away.
Formentlig er papegøjen flygtet fra buret.	Presumably, the parrot escaped from the cage.
Mary har formentlig stadig ikke skrevet essayet.	Mary still hasn't written the essay, presumably.
Tom vil formodentlig købe et par nye briller.	Tom will buy a new pair of glasses, presumably.
Mary låste formentlig døren, inden hun gik.	Mary presumably locked the door before leaving.
Tom døde formodentlig i en togulykke.	Tom presumably died in a train accident.
Mary og Tom vil formodentlig blive skilt.	Mary and Tom will presumably get divorced.
Babyen har formentlig slugt sutten.	The baby has presumably swallowed the pacifier.
Folket vil formodentlig vælge en ny hersker.	The people will presumably elect a new ruler.
Selvom der er så mange engelske sætninger på Tatoeba, genbruger de fleste af dem de samme grundlæggende ord, hvorimod mere komplekse ord forbliver urepræsenterede.	Although there are so many English sentences on Tatoeba, most of them recycle the same basic words, whereas more complex words remain unrepresented.
Mary blev afsløret som en bedrager.	Mary was exposed as a con.
Tom blev afsløret som en bedrager.	Tom was exposed as a fraud.
Mary bed sine negle af.	Mary bit off her nails.
Tom er kaukasisk.	Tom is Caucasian.
Tom har lige så mange tjenere, som han har brug for.	Tom has as many servants as he needs.
Tom løste lige så mange problemer, som han blev bedt om.	Tom solved as many problems as he was asked to.
Tom drikker lige så meget vand, som hans krop har brug for.	Tom drinks as much water as his body needs.
Mary købte duftende affaldsposer.	Mary bought scented garbage bags.
Tom har en vindjakke på.	Tom is wearing a wind jacket.
Det er ikke noget at gå efter.	That's not something to go by.
Hvorfor hader din bror mig?	Why does your brother hate me?
Tom brugte et vaterpas til at kontrollere, om væggen var lige.	Tom used a level to check whether the wall was straight.
Denne madlavningsteknik er gået i glemmebogen.	This cooking technique has passed into oblivion.
Tom er tyrker.	Tom is a Turk.
Mary er tyrker.	Mary is a Turk.
Tyrkerne er en meget venlig nation.	Turks are a very friendly nation.
Grækere er gode kokke.	Greeks are good cooks.
Tom er græsk.	Tom is Greek.
Mary er græsk.	Mary is Greek.
Tom drak sin kaffe med nydelse.	Tom drank his coffee with enjoyment.
Mary skraber sig i hælene.	Mary is scraping her heels.
Du skal ikke blande dig, når voksne taler.	Don't interfere when grown-ups are talking.
Jeg er din mor.	I am your mother.
Jeg skal adlydes – ikke stilles spørgsmålstegn ved.	I am to be obeyed - not questioned.
Tom er Marys make out-kammerat.	Tom is Mary's make out buddy.
En kobra bed Tom.	A cobra bit Tom.
Solen går ned.	The sun sets.
Hvad gjorde du?	You did what?
Faktisk, ja.	Actually, yes.
Vi burde ikke være lollygagging.	We shouldn't be lollygagging.
Alle deler skylden.	All share the blame.
Jeg har ikke en Twitter-konto.	I don't have a Twitter account.
Jeg fattede ikke, at dette skete.	I didn't fathom this happening.
De har fejlet.	They have failed.
De er blevet dovne.	They have gotten lazy.
Du er tre centimeter højere end mig.	You are three centimeters taller than me.
Jeg er glad for, hvordan tingene gik.	I'm pleased with how things turned out.
Tom forsøgte at bevare roen.	Tom tried to remain calm.
De er allerede blevet advaret.	They have already been alerted.
Hendes mor begyndte at skrige.	Her mother started screaming.
Hendes mor begyndte at råbe.	Her mother started shouting.
Hun er hooked på Farmville.	She's hooked on Farmville.
Kom og dans!	Come dance!
Du skal ikke bekymre dig om dette.	Don't worry about this.
Det er bare en dårlig hukommelse, der vil opløses med de første sollys.	It's just a bad memory that will dissolve with the first rays of sunlight.
De er jaloux på mine nudler.	They're jealous of my noodles.
Tom jog ned ad de smalle trapper.	Tom jogged down the narrow staircases.
Tom elsker sin datters ansigt.	Tom loves his daughter's face.
Fødselsdagen skal fejres om morgenen.	The birthday has to be celebrated in the morning.
Du skulle have søgt ind på kulinarisk skole.	You should have applied to culinary school.
Tom er blevet afvist af tre skoler.	Tom has been rejected by three schools.
Tom rodede rundt med opvasken.	Tom was messing around with the dishes.
Mary gik op på sit værelse og kom ikke ned, heller ikke til aftensmad.	Mary went up to her room and didn't come down, even for supper.
Åbn din gave nu.	Open your present now.
Jeg har alligevel øvet mig til seks.	I've got practice till six anyway.
Du er for kynisk.	You're too cynical.
Du er for forsigtig til dit eget bedste.	You're too careful for your own good.
Tak for morgenmaden og gaven.	Thanks for the breakfast and the present.
Du er nødt til at få din søvn.	You need to get your sleep.
Hvor træner du?	Where do you train?
Du havde et tæt opkald.	You had a close call.
Du døde næsten.	You nearly died.
Jeg var på stedet, da du havde din ulykke.	I was at the scene when you had your accident.
Du drak for meget den aften, du rullede din bil.	You were drinking too much the night you rolled your car.
Du vil have det fint med mig.	You'll be fine with me.
Er du desperat efter selskab?	Are you desperate for company?
Jeg er knust.	I'm broke.
Jeg har brug for et varmt måltid.	I need a hot meal.
Hvor længe har du spillet pool?	How long have you been playing pool?
Jeg var med dig hvert skridt på vejen.	I was with you every step of the way.
Du vil holde dig ude af det.	You'll stay out of it.
Hører du mig?	You hear me?
Jeg skal rense udstyret, pakke det væk.	I have to clean the equipment, pack it away.
Jeg får gode vibes fra dette sted.	I am getting good vibes from this place.
Vi ser dig næsten aldrig her omkring.	We hardly ever see you around here.
Du skal arbejde alle døgnets timer.	You must be working all the hours of the day.
Lige nu arbejder hun som servitrice, men hun leder efter et bedre job.	Right now she's working as a waitress, but she's looking for a better job.
Du bør tage hende med til middag, så vi kan lære hende bedre at kende.	You should bring her to dinner so we can get to know her better.
Hvor langt er hun gravid?	How far along is she pregnant?
Jeg tænkte på at leje noget i byen.	I was thinking of renting something in town.
Jeg er teoretisk hjemme næste weekend.	I'm theoretically home next weekend.
Har du noget her, jeg kan spise?	Have you got anything here I could eat?
Nogle gange om eftermiddagen får jeg hovedpine og får kvalme.	Sometimes in the afternoon I get a headache and I feel nauseous.
Vi er inviteret til middag næste lørdag.	We're invited to dinner next Saturday.
Du vil være smuk.	You'll be gorgeous.
Jeg er faktisk bange for alle.	I am afraid of everybody actually.
Menneskets natur skræmmer mig.	Human's nature scares me.
Jeg ser ofte folk vende sig mod hinanden hele tiden, og det skræmmer mig virkelig.	I often see people turning against each other all the time, and this really scares me.
Alle forræderi i denne verden skræmmer mig.	All the betrayals in this world scares me.
Mange gode karakterer vil dukke op i horisonten.	Many good grades will loom on the horizon.
Jeg forventer at få meget succes med mine studier.	I expect to be very successful in my studies.
Jeg har evnen til at lære sprog.	I have the knack for learning languages.
Jeg synes, det er rigtig trist, at nogen kunne gøre det for penge.	I think that it is really sad that someone could do that for money.
Jeg tror, ​​at prostituerede er ofre og urolige piger.	I think prostitutes are victims and troubled girls.
Jeg er meget sjov.	I am lots of fun.
Jeg går normalt til koncerter eller stævner for sjov.	I usually go to concerts or conventions for fun.
Jeg holder også meget af at skrive.	I also enjoy writing a lot.
Jeg føler mig beæret over at stifte bekendtskab med dig.	I feel honored to make your acquaintance.
Det er en stor ære for mig at møde dig.	It is a great honor for me to meet you.
Må jeg præsentere mig selv, jeg hedder Lucas.	May I introduce myself, my name is Lucas.
Jeg har aldrig været mere sulten i mit liv!	I've never been hungrier in my life!
Der skal ikke siges mere.	No more need be said.
Jeg kan ikke huske, hvordan historien endte.	I don't remember how the story ended.
Jeg kunne ikke holde ud at tænke på det.	I couldn't bear the thought of it.
Lad os holde øje med det.	Let's keep an eye on that.
Kan du lade dem vide, at der vil gå et par minutter mere?	Could you let them know it will be a few more minutes?
Jeg kan se, at han stadig sover.	I see he's still asleep.
Alt ser godt ud.	Everything looks great.
Han kommer til at være meget svag og spidsfindig de næste par dage.	He's going to be very weak and peaky for the next couple of days.
Jeg vender tilbage for at tjekke ham, inden jeg tager afsted i dag.	I'll be back to check on him before I head out today.
Ingen grund til at præsentere dig selv.	No need to introduce yourself.
Jeg er så glad for, at du kunne klare det.	I'm so pleased you could make it.
Vi er alle store fans af din musik her omkring.	We're all big fans of your music around here.
Vi er glade for, at det hele lykkedes så godt.	We're glad this all worked out so well.
Ved hendes forældre, at hun blev udvalgt til programmet?	Do her parents know she was selected for the program?
Det kan du give mig skylden.	You can blame that on me.
Vi ventede dig ikke så tidligt.	We weren't expecting you this early.
Der er virkelig ingen grund til at introducere Tom, vel?	There's really no need to introduce Tom, is there?
Nu skulle jeg finde ud af, hvad jeg skulle have på til aftenens fest.	Now what I had to do was figure out what to wear for tonight's party.
Der var ikke meget, jeg havde lyst til at tage med.	There wasn't much I wanted to take with me.
Det ser ud til, at der er en storm på vej ind.	Looks like there's a storm coming in.
Hvor ofte bliver jeg spurgt ud på en date?	How often do I get asked out on a date?
Tom er relativt min alder, og han er en sanger.	Tom is relatively my age and he's a singer.
Det sker ikke hver dag.	That doesn't happen every day.
Tror du, han forventer, at du skal sove med ham?	Do you think he expects you to sleep with him?
Jeg vil lade dig gå.	I'm going to let you go.
Kom jeg på et godt tidspunkt?	Did I come at a good time?
Jeg håber, du ikke havde problemer med at finde stedet.	I hope you didn't have any trouble finding the place.
Overvejer du at gøre karriere ud af det?	Are you thinking of making a career out of it?
Jeg forsøger at holde en så lav profil som muligt.	I try to keep as low a profile as possible.
Jeg undgår de ting som pesten!	I avoid those things like the plague!
De vil bare sælge papirer.	They just want to sell papers.
Der er ingen måde at tilfredsstille alle i denne branche.	There's no way to please everyone in this industry.
Jeg ved, at min musik ikke er for alle.	I know my music isn't for everyone.
Jeg er mere en gammel pige.	I'm more of an oldies kind of girl.
Det er der ingen kriminalitet i.	There's no crime in that.
Jeg var ved at gå foran mig selv.	I was getting ahead of myself.
Jeg følte mig helt ude af mit element.	I felt completely out of my element.
Vil du virkelig få frakendt din kørekort?	Are you really going to get your license revoked?
Jeg kan ikke lide, når du tager dit arbejde med hjem.	I don't like it when you bring your work home.
Jeg er sikker på, at han kommer.	I'm sure that he'll come.
Hun er bestemt uskyldig.	She is definitely innocent.
Vores succes er garanteret.	Our success is guaranteed.
Det er enhvers gæt.	It's anybody's guess.
Der er ikke to måder at gøre det på.	There are no two ways about it.
Han er død cert til jobbet.	He's a dead cert for the job.
Filmen var bedre, end jeg havde forventet.	The film was better than I expected it to be.
Han kan ikke sammenligne med dig.	He can't compare with you.
I sammenligning med sin bror var han genert.	In comparison with his brother, he was shy.
Han hævder, at hans kone ikke forstår ham.	He claims his wife doesn't understand him.
Jeg forstod ikke helt, hvad hun mente.	I didn't quite grasp what she meant.
Jeg kan bare ikke fatte det.	I just can't fathom it.
Jeg hørte, hvad du sagde, men det synkede ikke ind på det tidspunkt.	I heard what you said, but it didn't sink in at the time.
Han indså situationen med et øjeblik.	He took in the situation at a glance.
Hvorfor han vil derhen, er uden for mig.	Why he wants to go there is beyond me.
Hendes foredrag var fuldstændig over mit hoved.	Her lecture was completely over my head.
Hun er lidt ude af sin dybde i sit nye job.	She's a bit out of her depth in her new job.
Det er min overbevisning, at han lyver.	It's my belief that he's lying.
Det er ufatteligt.	It's beyong belief.
Tro det eller ej, han faldt for hende.	Believe it or not, he fell for her.
Regeringen har mistet troværdigheden hos offentligheden.	The government has lost credibility with the public.
Din historie virker lidt langt ude for mig.	Your story seems a bit far-fetched to me.
Han er en frygtelig travl mand.	He's an awful busybody.
De var ivrige efter at høre de seneste nyheder.	They were agog to hear the latest news.
Jeg mente ikke at være nysgerrig.	I didn't mean to be nosy.
Jeg er meget skuffet over ham.	I'm very disappointed in him.
Han har været sådan en skuffelse.	He has been such a disappointment.
Jeg fandt filmen meget skuffende.	I found the film very disappointing.
Mary er blevet slemt svigtet.	Mary has been badly let down.
Når det kommer til personlighed, er Tom og Mary lige så forskellige som kridt og ost.	When it comes to personality, Tom and Mary are as different as chalk and cheese.
Ikke to er ens.	No two are alike.
Det er en stor ordre.	That's a tall order.
Vi skal arbejde på det.	We have to work at it.
Tom tøver med at købe huset.	Tom is hesitating about buying the house.
Jeg er i tvivl om at gå.	I'm in two minds about going.
Mary er lidt i tvivl om, hvorvidt hun skal fortælle Tom det eller ej.	Mary is in a bit of a quandary over whether to tell Tom or not.
Toms arbejdsgiver satte spørgsmålstegn ved hans ærlighed.	Tom's employer called his honesty into question.
Du må tage hvad Tom sagde med et gran salt.	You must take what Tom said with a pinch of salt.
Jeg blandede dig med din storebror.	I was mixing you up with your older brother.
Jeg er ved at blive blandet sammen.	I'm getting all mixed up.
Mine ting er i et virvar.	My things are all in a jumble.
Tom var i en rigtig forvirring over sine ferieplaner.	Tom was in a real muddle over his holiday plans.
Der er en vis forvirring om, hvem der vandt.	There is some confusion as to who won.
Det er en kludepose af ideer.	It is a ragbag of ideas.
Det er alles drøm at vinde i lotteriet.	It's everybody's dream to win the lottery.
Jeg må indrømme, at tingene ser ret optimistiske ud.	I must admit that things are looking quite optimistic.
Det er lidt ønsketænkning.	That's a bit of wishful thinking.
De var glade for virksomhedens udsigter.	They were sanguine about the company's prospects.
Han tager helt klart fejl.	He is plainly wrong.
Det siger sig selv, at vi rejser sammen.	It goes without saying that we'll travel together.
Det var et åbenlyst forsøg på at vinde Tom.	It was a blatant attempt to win Tom over.
Eksperimentet var en iøjnefaldende fiasko.	The experiment was a conspicuous failure.
Du kan sige en kilometer væk.	You can tell a mile away.
Jeg vil rigtig gerne til stranden til sommer.	I really want to go to the beach this summer.
Jeg vil aldrig med vilje drikke mig fuld.	I'm never gonna intentionally get drunk.
Jeg har et træthedsproblem.	I have a fatigue problem.
Hun er den eneste, der ikke har stukket mig i ryggen.	She's the only one who's not stabbed me in the back.
Vi har tidligere haft problemer, men vi har håndteret dem, og vi har ikke skændtes siden.	We've had problems in the past but we've dealt with them and we haven't argued since.
Jeg stolede for hurtigt på folk tidligere og gik bare ud fra, at alle var gode.	I trusted people too quickly in the past and just assumed everyone was good.
Jeg er syg lige nu, og intet får mig til at føle mig bedre.	I'm sick right now, and nothing is really making me feel better.
Jeg kan tale en lille smule fransk.	I can speak a tiny bit of French.
Jeg vil gerne rejse til nogle lande, når jeg bliver ældre, og Amerika er bestemt på listen.	I want to travel to some countries when I'm older and America is definitely on the list.
Vær væk!	Be gone!
Vi har ikke noget sted at bo i nat.	We've got no place to stay tonight.
Kan du sætte os op for natten?	Could you put us up for the night?
Jeg har ingen andre steder at tage hen.	I have nowhere else to go.
Må jeg sove hos dig?	Can I sleep at your place?
På bredden af ​​dammen er der, hvor du kan bygge et lysthus, og bagefter vil det hjørne af haven være et hyggeligt sted for rekreation.	On the shore of the pond is where you can build a gazebo, and afterwards that corner of the garden will be a cozy place for recreation.
Asketræet, der er i vores have, har stadig ikke sat blade ud, og det er snart slutningen af ​​maj.	The ash tree that's in our garden still hasn't put out leaves, and it will be the end of May soon.
Når tingene går ned ad bakke, og lyset for enden af ​​tunnelen ikke er synligt, så er det tid til strategisk at udvikle udviklingsplaner.	When things go downhill and light at the end of the tunnel isn't visible, then it is time to strategically develop developmental plans.
Tom tog øksen og gik for at fælde nogle træer i skoven, fordi han ville bygge en ny barriere.	Tom took the axe and went to chop down some trees in the forest because he wanted to build a new barrier.
Handle i stedet for at tale.	Act instead of talking.
Jeg er en forretningsmand.	I'm a business man.
Jeg går tilbage og ordner det her.	I'll go back and sort this.
Han forsøger at kommunikere med sin smukke lille stemme.	He's trying to communicate with his beautiful little voice.
Du skal bare lytte.	You just need to listen.
Det er virkelig ikke raketvidenskab.	It's really not rocket science.
Jeg vil gerne være hjemmegående far.	I want to be a stay-at-home dad.
Jeg er en efterkommer af Israels berømte kong David.	I am a descendant of Israel's famous King David.
Pigen kom uden at klage.	The girl came without complaint.
Jeg er ikke en dårlig mor, bare en travl en.	I'm not a bad mother, just a busy one.
Mange New Yorkere elsker deres professionelle sportshold.	Many New Yorkers love their professional sporting teams.
Der er ikke tid til at snakke.	There's no time for talking.
Tiden er inde til at handle!	Time has come to act!
Hvad hvis hun er væk for altid?	What if she's gone for good?
Jeg forstår fuldt ud din frustration.	I fully understand your frustration.
Det er ikke noget, vi har kontrol over.	It's not something we have any control over.
Hvad er den billigste restaurant her?	What is the cheapest restaurant around here?
Tobak er skadeligt for dit helbred.	Tobacco is harmful to your health.
Alle disse begivenheder går imod mine planer.	All these events go against my plans.
I modsætning til sin far smilede han altid.	Unlike his father, he was always smiling.
Ligesom sine forældre vil han være lærer.	Just like his parents, he will be a teacher.
Jeg elsker vores små vittigheder, og jeg er ret jaloux på dine tanker og syn på tingene.	I love our little jokes and I'm quite jealous of your thinking and views on things.
Jeg kan ikke lide energidrikke.	I don't like energy drinks.
Bare gå væk fra internettet og gør noget, du nyder.	Just get off the internet and do something you enjoy.
Det er langt fra mig at forstå det franske.	Far be it from me to understand the French.
Jeg er ligeglad med smiger.	I am indifferent to flattery.
Jeg er så glad for, at jeg lyttede til dig.	I'm so glad I listened to you.
Mary er en meget hævngerrig person.	Mary is a very vengeful person.
Jeg er rørt over din bekymring.	I am touched by your concern.
Jeg er vant til at blive ignoreret ved morgenbordet.	I'm used to being ignored at the breakfast table.
Jeg studerer engelsk litteratur på University of Illinois.	I am studying English Literature at the University of Illinois.
Jeg er dobbelt skuffet over den manglende forbedring fra mit hold.	I'm doubly disappointed on the lack of improvement from my team.
Jeg har et diplom fra Musikkonservatoriet i Paris.	I've got a diploma from the Paris Conservatory of Music.
Jeg har altid tid til en ven.	Well, I always have time for a friend.
De ved, at de kan regne med mig.	They know they can count on me.
Jeg kan simpelthen ikke vente med at blive gift.	I simply can't wait to be married.
Jeg viser interesse for klassikerne.	I'm showing an interest in the classics.
Jeg er stolt af det arbejde, der er blevet udført af mine kolleger.	I am proud of the work that has been done by my colleagues.
Jeg er lettet over at høre, at du ankom i god behold til Marokko.	I'm relieved to hear that you arrived safe and sound in Morocco.
Jeg er en bedre skuespillerinde end jeg er en servitrice.	I'm a better actress than I am a waitress.
Jeg er i hvert fald taknemmelig for, at vi stadig er sammen.	Anyway, I am grateful that we're still together.
Jeg flyttede i håb om, at jeg ville blive alene, men det var bare ikke tilfældet.	I moved hoping I'd be left alone but it just wasn't the case.
Jeg er meget stor fan af deres mad.	I'm a very big fan of their food.
Jeg skal tage skraldet ud i aften.	I'm supposed to take out the trash tonight.
Engelsk er mit bedste fag.	English is my best subject.
Han har ry for at være virkelig hensynsløs.	He's got a reputation for being really ruthless.
Han er foran os på så mange måder.	He's ahead of us in so many ways.
Tag ikke fejl, de er ekstremt farlige.	Make no mistake, they are extremely dangerous.
Hun sagde, at hun var her til en audition.	She said she was here for an audition.
Vi er lige nu midt i en borgerkrig.	We're currently in the middle of a civil war.
Vi fløj over deres gård i en helikopter.	We flew over their farm in a helicopter.
Vores tur var lang, vanskelig og farlig.	Our trip was long, difficult and dangerous.
Vi er bare glade for at være hjemme igen i ét stykke.	We're just happy to be back home in one piece.
Det er på grund af dem, at jeg er så elendig.	It's because of them that I'm so miserable.
Venner er nyttige på tidspunkter som disse.	Friends come in handy at times like this.
Dette sted er kendt for sine lækre desserter.	This place is known for its delicious desserts.
Mary er taget af sted for at udforske bjerget.	Mary has gone off to explore the mountain.
De bor i et hus derovre gennem skoven.	They live in a house over there through the woods.
De er ude af kontakt med virkeligheden.	They are out of touch with reality.
De bekymrer sig kun om deres magt og de penge, de tjener.	They only care about their power, and the money they earn.
Jeg er ret sikker på, at hun vil klare det i live.	I am pretty sure she'll make it alive.
Han har handlet med dette firma i årevis.	He's done business with this company for years.
Jeg har stor glæde af at studere engelsk i gymnasiet.	I take great pleasure in studying English in high school.
Engelsk er mit yndlingsfag i gymnasiet.	English is my favorite subject in high school.
Jeg kan ikke få nok af det.	I cannot get enough of it.
Sådan ser jeg det bestemt ikke.	I certainly don't see it that way.
Du er helt opildnet over at se ham, kan jeg fortælle.	You’re all fired up about seeing him, I can tell.
Jeg ønsker ikke at blive taget ind.	I don’t want to be taken in.
Hun skifter farve igen.	She is changing her colours once again.
Jeg hader at tro det.	I hate to believe it.
Jeg falder ikke for det her igen.	I'm not falling for this again.
Jeg bliver måske nødt til at skifte takt.	I may have to change tack.
Mit hjerte bankede hurtigere og hurtigere.	My heart was beating faster and faster.
Da jeg så ham, gik jeg bare i panik.	When I saw him, I just panicked.
Jeg har ingen anger.	I have no remorse.
Jeg har intet talent for politik.	I have no talent for politics.
Jeg er ikke skabt til politik.	I am not made for politics.
Jeg har absolut ingen erindring om, hvad der skete.	I have absolutely no memory of what happened.
Du har ingen sans for humor, vel?	You have no sense of humor, do you?
Jeg har ingen interesse i penge.	I have no interest in money.
Jeg har ingen intentioner om at snyde.	I have no intention of cheating.
Hvad er meningen?	What's the point?
Jeg har ikke tænkt mig at gå på pension.	I have no intention of retiring.
Jeg er stadig ung.	I'm still young.
Jeg har ingen problemer med at tjene penge.	I have no problem making money.
Jeg føler mig stadig usikker og utilpas i en menneskemængde.	I still feel unsafe and uncomfortable in a crowd.
Jeg er ikke tryg i en menneskemængde.	I am not at ease in a crowd.
Normalt vil jeg være væk før morgenlyset.	Usually, I'll be gone before the morning light.
Jeg laver en æggegul omelet.	I'm making an egg yellows omelet.
Vil du have nogle?	Do you want some?
Jeg er langt over min grænse.	I'm way over my limit.
Jeg er midt i min fødselsdagsfest.	I'm in the middle of my birthday party.
Jeg træner i øjeblikket en hund.	I'm currently training a dog.
Jeg ryger en af ​​dine mest fremragende cigarer.	I'm smoking one of your most excellent cigars.
Jeg arbejder på den sidste hånd.	I'm working on the finishing touches.
Jeg har et angstanfald, og jeg ved ikke hvorfor.	I'm having an anxiety attack and I don't know why.
Jeg er ved at forberede en gave til Mary.	I'm preparing a present for Mary.
Jeg håber, hun kan lide det.	I hope she'll like it.
Jeg tjekker lige værelserne.	I am just checking the rooms.
Jeg er faktisk begyndt at kunne lide dem.	I'm actually beginning to like them.
Jeg er midt i et mærkeligt eventyr.	I'm in the middle of a strange adventure.
Jeg prøver bare at lave regnskabet.	I'm just trying to do the accounts.
Jeg passer på din baby.	I'm watching out for your baby.
Jeg tror, ​​jeg er ved at blive vegetar.	I think I'm becoming a vegetarian.
Jeg er ved at miste min passion for moderne sprog.	I'm losing my passion for modern languages.
Jeg blev tvunget til at tage min medicin.	I was forced to take my medicine.
Denne beslutning er større end mig.	This decision is bigger than me.
Det her barn er bare ikke muligt.	This kid just isn't possible.
Jeg forstod aldrig, hvad du så i den dreng.	I never understood what you saw in that boy.
Jeg finder dit forslag uforståeligt.	I find your proposal incomprehensible.
Han er lidt genert, men tro mig, han er yndig.	He's a little shy, but trust me, he is adorable.
Han er en kreativ, intelligent og tankevækkende person.	He is a creative, intelligent and thoughtful individual.
Han er diabetiker og lider af blindhed.	He is diabetic and suffers from blindness.
Han er meget vidende om emnet.	He is very knowledgeable on the subject.
Han kan være magtfuld, men han er ikke uovervindelig.	He may be powerful, but he is not invincible.
Han er en stor analytiker og en stor parlamentariker.	He is a great analyst and a great parliamentarian.
Han er meget hidsig og kan let miste besindelsen.	He's very hot-tempered and can easily lose his temper.
Jeg tror, ​​det omvendte ville være mere passende.	I think the reverse would be more appropriate.
Jeg ser dette som et vigtigt skridt fremad.	I see this as an important step forward.
Jeg mener, at vi skal give et positivt budskab.	I believe we should be giving a positive message.
Jeg synes, vi gjorde et ret godt stykke arbejde.	I think we did a pretty good job.
Dette går i den forkerte retning.	This is moving in the wrong direction.
Jeg tror, ​​det opfylder et socialt behov.	I think this meets a social need.
Jeg mener, at debatten bør fortsættes.	I believe that the debate should be carried on.
Det tror jeg sætter en stopper for debatten.	I think that puts an end to the debate.
Jeg tror ikke, det kræver mange kommentarer.	I do not think that requires much comment.
Jeg tror, ​​det ville forstyrre balancen.	I believe it would disrupt the balance.
Jeg tror, ​​at dette møde vil være et stort skridt fremad.	I think that this meeting will be a big step forward.
Jeg synes, vi har hørt nok om dette.	I think we have heard enough on this.
Jeg tror, ​​at denne debat nærmer sig det absurde niveau.	I think this debate is getting close to the level of the absurd.
Jeg synes, konsekvenserne er ret betydelige.	I think the consequences are fairly significant.
Jeg synes, regeringen skal have det på det rene.	I think the government has to get it straight.
Jeg tror, ​​vi sender det forkerte budskab til canadierne.	I think we are sending the wrong message to Canadians.
Jeg mener, at vores lovforslag er realistisk.	I think that our bill is realistic.
Jeg tror, ​​at tallene er meget mindre end det.	I think the numbers are much smaller than that.
Okay, lad os vende tilbage til sagen.	Okay, let's get back to the matter at hand.
Okay, lad os komme ned til det grundlæggende.	Okay, let's get down to the basics.
Tom blev gift, og så blev han skilt.	Tom was married and then he got divorced.
Jeg blev ramt af en lastbil.	I got hit by a truck.
Jeg sad fast der i timevis.	I was stuck there for hours.
Jeg blev holdt op i skolen.	I got held up at school.
Jeg er opdraget normalt.	I was raised normally.
Mine forældre var anstændige.	My parents were decent.
Jeg er blevet indkaldt til hovedkvarteret.	I've been summoned to headquarters urgently.
Jeg var også et lille barn engang.	I was a little kid once too.
Jeg blev hyret til at dræbe din ven.	I was hired to kill your friend.
Jeg har været i bosniske flygtningelejre.	I've been in Bosnian refugee camps.
Jeg gik på kreationisternes museum.	I went to the creationists' museum.
Jeg blev bidt af en guldsmede.	I was bitten by a dragonfly.
Det var fejt, og jeg er ked af det.	It was cowardly, and I'm sorry.
Jeg var meget påvirket af den anekdote.	I was very influenced by that anecdote.
Jeg har været ret distraheret.	I've been pretty distracted.
Jeg var glad for, at jeg kunne hjælpe.	I was glad I could help.
Jeg har været lidt distraheret her til morgen.	I have been a bit distracted this morning.
Jeg er blevet inviteret til at tale foran ærede grupper som jer selv.	I've been invited to speak in front of esteemed groups such as yourselves.
Jeg tog min bil for at få den til service i dag.	I took my car to have it serviced today.
Jeg fik set min søn spille baseball, og jeg var stolt af ham.	I got to watch my son playing baseball and I was proud of him.
Jeg blev holdt op på kontoret.	I got held up at the office.
Jeg var overrasket over at få dit opkald, Tom.	I was surprised to get your call, Tom.
Jeg var et fjols at lade dig gå ud af mit liv.	I was a fool to let you go out of my life.
Jeg er blevet bidt af en slange.	I've been bit by a snake.
Jeg føler, at jeg ser lyset for første gang.	I feel like I'm seeing the light for the first time.
Jeg blev lige fanget i øjeblikket.	I just got caught up in the moment.
Jeg har siddet i fængsel mere end én gang.	I've been in prison more than once.
Det var rigtig hyggeligt at chatte med dig.	It was really nice chatting with you.
Jeg blev udvalgt til at tilfredsstille dig.	I was chosen to satisfy you.
Jeg var selv studerende engang.	I was a student myself once.
Jeg blev angrebet af en hjemløs mand på gaden.	I was attacked by a homeless man on the streets.
Jeg blev hårdt såret under operationen.	I was severely wounded during the operation.
Jeg blev forrådt og behandlet barbarisk.	I was betrayed and treated barbarically.
Jeg blev stoppet af politiet.	I was pulled over by the police.
Jeg blev forskrækket et sekund.	I was startled for a second.
Jeg har været bekymret for ham for nylig.	I've been concerned about him recently.
Jeg ved, at jeg har været lidt hård ved ham.	I know I've been a little tough on him.
Jeg har været til mange begravelser.	I've been to a lot of funerals.
Jeg er blevet behandlet for en psykiatrisk lidelse.	I've been treated for a psychiatric disorder.
Jeg har været adskilt fra min familie så længe.	I've been separated from my family for so long.
Det er klart, at jeg var alt for optimistisk.	Clearly, I was overly optimistic.
Jeg har været en frygtelig vært.	I've been a terrible host.
Det var fedt at lære dig at kende, Tom.	It was cool getting to know you, Tom.
Jeg er blevet indkaldt af en dommer.	I've been summoned by a judge.
Jeg har været involveret i en beskidt handel.	I've been involved in a filthy trade.
Jeg var lidt brysk med dig før.	I was a little brusque with you before.
Jeg var telefonsælger i omkring en uge.	I was a telemarketer for about a week.
Jeg var selv missionær i Afrika.	I myself was a missionary in Africa.
Jeg blev tvunget til at komme her, ligesom dig.	I was forced to come here, like you.
Jeg er blevet bandlyst fra kunstrummet.	I've been banned from the art room.
Jeg blev distraheret af demonstranterne udenfor.	I was distracted by those protesters outside.
Jeg var modtager af et stort forlig.	I was the recipient of a large settlement.
Jeg var blind i en uge.	I went blind for a week.
Jeg er blevet erklæret en undertrykkende person.	I've been declared a suppressive person.
Jeg var bestemt ude af linie med de frygtelige beskyldninger, jeg fremsatte.	I was definitely out of line with the terrible accusations that I made.
Jeg blev tilbageholdt i lufthavnen.	I got detained at the airport.
Jeg gik tilbage og tjekkede dine gamle optegnelser.	I went back and checked your old records.
Jeg har været helt åben med dig.	I have been completely open with you.
Jeg fik jordforbindelse i 2 uger.	I got grounded for 2 weeks.
Hun har set lidt grøn ud på det seneste.	She's been looking a little green lately.
Hun er en kæreste.	She's a sweetheart.
Hun plages af sin egen samvittighed.	She's being tormented by her own conscience.
Hun er bevidstløs, og vi stabiliserer hende.	She's unconscious, and we're stabilizing her.
Hun har et hæng på, at jeg er perfekt.	She's got a hang-up about me being perfect.
Hun skal være på barsel.	She's supposed to be on maternity leave.
Hun er diabetiker, så hendes blodsukker var allerede ude af stand.	She's diabetic, so her blood sugar was already out of whack.
Hun glæder sig så meget til at se dig.	She's so looking forward to seeing you.
Hun kan bare ikke vente.	She just can't wait.
Hun er i samråd med lægen lige nu.	She's in consultation with the doctor right now.
Hun er så utrolig sød ved mig.	She's being so unbelievably nice to me.
Hun er god til at skabe fortællingen om en forbrydelse.	She's good at creating the narrative of a crime.
Det er meningen, at hun skal revidere, Tom.	She's supposed to be revising, Tom.
Hun arbejder med sin egen sag.	She's working a case of her own.
Hun skal tage en lur.	She's supposed to be taking a nap.
Hun er spændt, men kold udenpå.	She's excited but cold on the outside.
Hun er ked af det, men i høj grad i live.	She's sad, but, very much alive.
Hun er sikkert lige gået for at besøge sine forældre.	She's probably just gone to visit her parents.
Hun bliver udspurgt af vores skitsekunstner.	She's being questioned by our sketch artist.
Hun er bare en babe i skoven.	She's just a babe in the woods.
Hun har været spærret inde siden i morges.	She's been locked in since this morning.
Hun er derude et sted alene og bange.	She's out there somewhere alone and scared.
Hun skulle være her i ensom meditation.	She's supposed to be here in solitary meditation.
Hun er en genert pige, men meget kærlig.	She's a shy girl, but very affecctionate.
Hun er bestemt en interessant og passioneret person.	She's certainly an interesting and passionate person.
Hun er flyttet hjem til sin landsby.	She's moved back home to her village.
Hun er sjov, ubekymret, smart, fuld af overraskelser.	She's fun, carefree, smart, full of surprises.
Hun synger på sit værelse.	She's singing in her room.
Hun har gjort underværker på det videnskabelige område.	She's done wonders in the scientific field.
Hun har været uden arbejde i over en uge.	She's been out of work for over a week.
Hun er meget ked af alle de løgne, du fortalte hende.	She's very upset about all the lies you told her.
Hun er sådan en varm og ædel person.	She's such a warm and noble person.
Hun skal ud og spise med Tom.	She's going out to dinner with Tom.
Du ved, hun er indelukket i sit hus.	You know, she's holed up in her house.
Hun er en vigtig del af vores familie.	She's an important part of our family.
Jeg tror, ​​hun er ude at søge job.	I think she's out looking for a job.
Hun er husejer og er for nylig blevet gift.	She's a homeowner, recently got married.
Hun har været under lås og slå i de sidste 24 timer.	She's been under lock and key for the past 24 hours.
Hun har boet hos mig siden hun blev frikendt.	She's been staying with me since she was acquitted.
Hun er perfekt til ansigtet på min nye kampagne.	She's perfect for the face of my new campaign.
Hun er ung nok til at starte et nyt liv.	She's young enough to start a new life.
Hun er langt mere ansvarlig end du nogensinde var.	She's far more responsible than you ever were.
Hun er stabiliseret for tiden.	She's stabilized for the time being.
Hun er lidt politisk.	She's a little political.
Hun er klog og ret dejlig.	She's smart and quite lovely.
Hun er frivillig i folkesundheden.	She's a public health volunteer.
Hun er en helt almindelig pige.	She's a perfectly ordinary girl.
Hun er ved at blive udskrevet.	She's about to be discharged.
Hun er til sin tennistime.	She's at her tennis lesson.
Hun er bedøvet, hun kunne ikke skade en flue.	She's sedated, she could not hurt a fly.
Hun går på kostskole i Firenze.	She's in boarding school in Florence.
Hun er væk fra nettet, og europæiske myndigheder vil have hende anholdt.	She's off the grid, and European authorities want her arrested.
Hun er en fremragende generel kirurg.	She's an excellent general surgeon.
Hun er normalt meget pænere end dette.	She's usually a lot nicer than this.
Hun er stærkere end dig.	She's more powerful than you.
Hun er heldig at have ham.	She's lucky to have him.
Hun er bedre i mindre grupper.	She's better in smaller groups.
Hun er faktisk en af ​​de eneste mennesker, jeg stoler på.	She's actually one of the only people I do trust.
Hun er her normalt om eftermiddagen.	She's usually here in the afternoons.
Hun er som en fredsdue.	She's like a dove of peace.
Hun er afgørende for missionen.	She's vital to the mission.
Hun er i chok og har blå mærker over sig.	She's in shock and have bruises all over her.
Hun er dårlig og grim som alle sagde.	She's bad and nasty like everyone said.
Hun er nervøs for sin koncert.	She's nervous about her concert.
Hun har været opereret i ti timer.	She's been in surgery for ten hours.
Hun er i koma på livsstøtte.	She's in a coma on life support.
Hun er ny i byen fra dette semester.	She's new in town as of this semester.
Hun er bare lidt kvalme.	She's just a bit nauseous.
Hun er blevet ofre for en dusørjæger.	She's fallen prey to a bounty hunter.
Hun er på ferie med en veninde.	She's on holiday with a friend.
Hun er mentalt ustabil og sandsynligvis en morder.	She's mentally unstable and probably a killer.
Vi var så begejstrede for den type succes.	We were so excited about that type of success.
Vi var lidt arrede over vores sidste faste oplevelse.	We were a little scarred by our last firm experience.
Vi skulle sidde sammen under kampen.	We were supposed to sit together during the fight.
Vi var til grin i hele landet.	We were the laughingstock of the whole countryside.
Vi var frygtelig forelskede fra det øjeblik, vi mødtes.	We were terribly in love from the moment we met.
Vi var i rummet, og vi dansede.	We were in the room, and we danced.
Vi var unge og ubekymrede.	We were young and carefree.
Vi er meget tætte, og hun forsvandt lige pludselig.	We're very close, and she disappeared all of a sudden.
Vi var på vej tilbage fra prøverne.	We were on our way back from the rehearsals.
Vi var underklædte og ude af vores liga.	We were underdressed and out of our league.
Vi var utrolig intelligente med hensyn til nogle af de farer, vi stod over for.	We were incredibly intelligent about some of the hazards that we faced.
Vi var så tæt på at få det gjort.	We were so close to getting it done.
Vi var lige ved at banke på.	We were just about to knock.
Vi var meget tæt på at lykkes.	We came very close to succeeding.
Vi var sammen med familien den aften.	We were with family that night.
Vi kiggede efter hinanden.	We were looking out for each other.
Vi kom for sent til festen, ligesom dig.	We were late to the party, like you.
Vi har begge været under stress.	We've both been under stress.
Vi brugte det som et shelter.	We were using it as a shelter.
Der var masser af rollemodeller rundt omkring os.	There were plenty of role models all around us.
Vi var her til et forretningsmøde med din kone.	We were here for a business meeting with your wife.
Vi var de bedste og de smarteste.	We were the best and the brightest.
Vi havde bare noget te.	We were just having some tea.
Vi var alene, og en mand brød ind.	We were alone and a man broke in.
Vi skal holde os under radaren.	We're supposed to stay under the radar.
Vi var de to nærmeste mennesker i verden til hende.	We were the two closest people in the world to her.
Vi var på kanten af ​​orkanen.	We were at the edge of the hurricane.
Vi var her på en rekognosceringsmission.	We were here on a reconnaissance mission.
Vi var glade eller det troede jeg.	We were happy or so I thought.
Vi gik i gymnasiet sammen, som man nok kan forstå.	We went to high school together, as you can probably gather.
Vi satte os for at spise frokost.	We sat down to have lunch.
Vi var noget af en besætning dengang.	We were quite a crew back then.
Vi blev enige om, at alle børnene skulle blive sammen.	We agreed that all the kids would stay together.
Vi var i en tilstand af utrolig svaghed.	We were in a state of incredible weakness.
Vi var fattige, så enhver gave var en ret stor ting.	We were poor, so any present was a pretty big deal.
Vi var så forbløffede, at vi ikke engang kunne svare.	We were so dumbfounded we couldn't even answer.
Vi kørte op i elevatoren sammen.	We rode up in the elevator together.
Vi var i seng, da min baby forsvandt.	We were in bed when my baby disappeared.
Vi har siddet på toppen af ​​en formue i alle disse år.	We've been sitting on top of a fortune all these years.
Vi var outsidere, da vi kom hertil.	We were outsiders when we came here.
Vi kørte på knallert om natten.	We were riding a moped at night.
Det var meningen, at vi skulle på en roadtrip til grand canyon.	We were supposed to go on a road trip to the grand canyon.
Vi blev lukket ind i en klub.	We were let into a club.
Vi blev reddet, men der skulle betales en pris.	We were saved, but a price had to be paid.
Vi var ret uenige om det.	We had quite a disagreement about it.
Jeg bærer ikke et ur, men jeg plejede at bære et, da jeg var yngre.	I don't wear a watch but I used to wear one when I was younger.
Jeg tror ikke, det er slut.	I don't think it is over.
Jeg synes ikke, det er en god investering.	I don't think it is a good investment.
Jeg synes ikke, det er alvorligt – men jeg tænkte, at jeg ville kigge forbi.	I don't think it's serious - but I thought I'd stop by.
Jeg synes ikke, det er rimeligt at straffe mig for en fejl, jeg begik for år tilbage.	I don't think it's fair to punish me for a mistake I made years ago.
Jeg synes ikke, det er så tosset en tanke.	I don't think it's such a crazy thought.
Jeg tror ikke, det er en kodet besked.	I don't think it's a coded message.
Jeg synes ikke, det giver de rigtige signaler.	I don't think it gives off the right signals.
Jeg tror ikke, det er uhelbredelig.	I don't think it's incurable.
Jeg ved, han er stædig, dårligt opdrættet, og hvad mere er, han er skør.	l know he's stubborn, ill-bred, and what's more, he's crazy.
Jeg ville reagere meget dårligt.	I would react very badly.
Jeg spøger ikke.	I don't joke around.
Jeg tager ikke let på livet.	I don't take life lightly.
Jeg tager mig selv alvorligt.	I take myself seriously.
Jeg er seriøs omkring musik.	I am serious about music.
Jeg fandt ud af, at han så en anden på samme tid.	I found out he was seeing someone else at the same time.
Han ser lidt fed ud.	He looks a bit fat.
Jeg er ret træt fra i går aftes.	I'm pretty tired from last night.
Jeg har nydt at læse denne roman meget.	I have enjoyed reading this novel a lot.
Lige efter ulykken var jeg i en tilstand af chok.	Right after the accident, I was in a state of shock.
Vil du have ost i dine æg?	Do you want cheese in your eggs?
Lytter du altid til mine telefonopkald?	Do you always listen to my phone calls?
Siden hvornår lytter du til mine telefonopkald?	Since when do you listen to my phone calls?
Ulykken var en traumatiserende oplevelse.	The accident was a traumatizing experience.
Jeg kan ikke forestille mig, at du er traumatiseret.	I can't picture you traumatized.
Mary var rasende, da hun fandt ud af om babyen.	Mary was enraged when she found out about the baby.
Jeg kan ikke forstå, hvorfor nogen ville finde på sådan noget.	I can't fathom why somebody would make something like that up.
Hvad har vi med at gøre her?	What are we dealing with here?
Lav din egen research.	Do your own research.
Jeg tager dig derhen.	I'm gonna take you there.
Kun du kan gøre mig glad.	Only you can make me happy.
Er nyhederne gode eller dårlige?	Is the news good or bad?
Lidt gode nyheder ville ikke skade.	A little good news wouldn't hurt.
Jeg synes, du ser sexet ud.	I think you look sexy.
Oliver skal flyve med en cyan drage på den blå himmel.	Oliver is going to fly a cyan kite in the blue sky.
Han er en tyv, selvom han ikke ligner det.	He's a thief, although he doesn't look like it.
Det ligner ikke et godt sted at gøre gode tilbud.	It doesn't look like a good place for bargains.
Her kan du gøre gode kup.	Here you can make good bargains.
Fortæl alle omkring dig, at aftenens fest bliver en kæmpe fest!	Tell everyone around you that tonight's party will be a huge one!
Gårsdagens fest var en uforglemmelig fest.	Yesterday's party was an unforgettable one.
Jeg har allerede gjort så mange ofre, jeg har ikke råd til at gøre endnu et!	I have already done so many sacrifices, I can't afford to do another one!
Jeg fik mig til at finde en løsning på gåden, men til sidst lykkedes det ikke at finde en.	I racked my mind to find a solution to the riddle but eventually failed to find one.
Hun er ikke helt så smuk.	She's not all that gorgeous.
Jeg nyder at bygge snemænd og lege i sneen.	I enjoy building snowmen and playing in the snow.
Jeg må vente til det sner her.	I'll have to wait until it snows here.
Når julen nærmer sig, plejer jeg at få mange gaver.	When Christmas comes around, I usually receive a lot of presents.
Jeg har aldrig fået taget mit billede med en mexicansk zebra.	I have never had my picture taken with a Mexican zebra.
Escargot lyder ikke særlig appetitligt.	Escargot doesn't sound very appetizing.
Jeg er født i 1933.	I was born in 1933.
Jeg vil ikke give op på os.	I won't give up on us.
Tom kender ikke sin fødselsdato.	Tom doesn't know his birthdate.
Har du nogensinde spekuleret på, hvordan det ville være at leve på Mars?	Have you ever wondered what it would be like to live on Mars?
Da jeg var ung, var det hippeste et barn kunne eje en transistorradio.	When I was young, the hippest thing a kid could own was a transistor radio.
Jeg vil afslutte med at besvare dine spørgsmål senere i dag.	I'll finish answering your questions later today.
Jeg skal give min hund mad og derefter gå tilbage i seng.	I'm going to feed my dog then head back to bed.
Du svarer så godt på spørgsmål.	You answer questions so well.
Jeg finder undervandsbilleder fascinerende.	I find underwater photos fascinating.
Jeg bruger ikke for meget tid ude i solen.	I don't spend too much time out in the sun.
Jeg er færdig med at bade.	I have finished showering.
Jeg ville ønske, jeg kunne skrue tiden tilbage.	I wish I could turn back the clock.
Livet giver mig nye muligheder, som jeg må gribe.	Life provides me with new opportunities that I must seize.
Jeg sigter efter ekspertise på alle områder af mit liv.	I aim for excellence in all areas of my life.
Jeg stiller store krav til mine medarbejdere.	I'm very demanding on my employees.
Min mor er meget svær at behage.	My mother is very hard to please.
At lære engelsk er meget tidskrævende.	Learning English is very time consuming.
2016 er ved at være slut, og et nyt år er ved at begynde!	2016 is coming to an end and a new year is about to begin!
Vi kan ikke lade noget kompromittere vores mission i morgen.	We can't let anything compromise our mission tomorrow.
For at jobbet kan forløbe normalt, har jeg brug for dine værdier og erfaring.	For the job to proceed normally, I need your values and experience.
Jeg skal bruge en bærbar computer til skolen.	I need a laptop for school.
Jeg vil ikke have andet, bare en computer.	I do not want anything else, just a computer.
Jeg har mere brug for din visdom end nogensinde før.	I need your wisdom more than ever.
I mellemtiden har jeg brug for lidt tid alene.	Meanwhile, I need some time by myself.
Jeg skal bruge et bord til otte.	I need a table for eight.
Du skal rense poolen i aften.	I need you to clean the pool tonight.
Jeg mangler inspiration til at pynte vores juletræ.	I need inspiration for decorating our Christmas Tree.
Jeg har brug for en ny udfordring for at udfordre mig selv.	I need a new challenge to challenge myself.
Jeg har brug for mere end din loyalitet.	I need more than your loyalty.
I stedet har jeg brug for psykologisk støtte fra dig.	Instead, I need psychological support from you.
Jeg har brug for detaljer om hende til mit kommende interview med hende.	I need details about her for my upcoming interview with her.
Jeg har brug for mine recepter.	I need my prescriptions.
Jeg har brug for tid til at opfylde mine drømme.	I need time to fulfill my dreams.
Jeg har brug for medicin til mit hoved.	I need medicine for my head.
Mit hoved varmer op.	My head is heating up.
Mor, jeg har brug for nye ringbind til at organisere mit arbejde.	Mom, I need new binders to organize my work.
Jeg har brug for nogen, jeg kan stole fuldstændig på.	I need somebody I could entirely trust.
Bliv ved, indtil jeg har brug for dig.	Stay put until I need you.
Jeg har brug for et andet stykke til sammenligning.	I need another piece for comparison.
Jeg har brug for soldater til en mission.	I need soldiers for a mission.
Alt hvad jeg behøver er din underskrift lige her.	All I need is your signature, right here.
Jeg har brug for mine kræfter tilbage nu.	I need my powers back now.
Jeg har brug for hjælp til at skære disse græskar.	I need help carving these pumpkins.
Hvis alt ikke er klar, vil børnene bemærke det.	If everything is not ready, the kids will notice it.
Alt, hvad jeg har brug for, er noget stimulation, ser du.	All I need is some stimulation, you see.
Jeg har brug for et møde med Mary så hurtigt som muligt.	I need a meet with Mary as soon as possible.
Jeg har brug for den brutale ærlige sandhed.	I need the brutal honest truth.
Jeg vil gerne vide hele sandheden.	I want to know the whole truth.
Du skal gå, det kan ikke vente.	I need you to go, it can't wait.
Jeg har brug for mænd af solid statur.	I need men of solid stature.
Jeg har brug for, at du fokuserer på at genetablere kommunikationen med de børn.	I need you focused on reestablishing communication with those kids.
Jeg har brug for et privat VVS-råd.	I need some private plumbing advice.
Jeg er klar over, at jeg har brug for mere erfaring med børn.	I realize I need more experience with kids.
Jeg skal have alle ryddet ud herfra på én gang.	I need everybody cleared out of here, at once.
Jeg skal bruge mit pas til at rejse.	I need my passport for travel.
Jeg har brug for ham i live og uskadt.	I need him alive and unharmed.
Jeg skal bruge et håndklæde eller noget.	I need a towel or something.
Det, jeg har brug for, er nogen til at arbejde sammen med mig.	What I need is someone to work with me.
Naturen giver alt, hvad jeg har brug for.	Nature provides all that I need.
Jeg har brug for alle fordele, jeg kan få.	I need every advantage I can get.
Jeg har brug for, at du låser min computer op.	I need you to unlock my computer.
Jeg har brug for en ekspert i tropiske planter.	I need an expert on tropical plants.
Jeg har brug for at dette rum er ryddet fuldstændigt, så snart jeg ankommer.	I need this room completely cleared as soon as I arrive.
Jeg har brug for nogen heroppe med det samme.	I need someone up here immediately.
Jeg har brug for den slags indsigt.	I need that kind of insight.
Jeg har brug for en værkfører, der taler engelsk.	I need a foreman that speaks English.
Jeg har brug for en tolk til hendes klasse.	I need an interpreter for her class.
Jeg har brug for endelighed i mine anliggender.	I need finality to my affairs.
Jeg har brug for en der har undercover erfaring.	I need someone who has undercover experience.
Jeg har brug for dit datingråd.	I need your dating advice.
Jeg har brug for jeres input til noget ekstremt vigtigt.	I need your input on something extremely important.
Jeg har brug for at høre fra min familie.	I need to hear from my family.
Jeg har brug for nyheder om min familie.	I need news of my family.
Jeg har brug for hjælp til at løsne båden.	I need help untying this boat.
Jeg har brug for ro, når jeg læser.	I need tranquility when I read.
Jeg har brug for ro, når jeg læser.	I need quiet when I am reading.
Jeg genkendte dig ikke fra i går aftes.	I didn't recognize you from last night.
Jeg lagde ikke eksamensresultaterne online.	I didn't post the exams results online.
Jeg troede ikke på fortællingerne om onde ånder.	I didn't believe the tales of evil spirits.
Jeg havde ikke forventet mere blodsudgydelse.	I didn't expect more bloodshed.
Jeg forventede ikke resultater med det samme.	I didn't expect results straightaway.
Mary virker ikke særlig varm.	Mary doesn't seem very warm.
De tror, ​​at deres regering er ligeglad med dem.	They think their government doesn't care about them.
Jeg ændrede kun nogle få ord.	I changed only a few words.
Jeg gik til audition for Arthur Fox.	I auditioned for Arthur Fox.
Jeg har to børn, og de kommer snart.	I have two children and they will soon arrive.
Jeg glemte bryllupsdatoen.	I forgot the wedding date.
Jeg syntes, jeg så en lighed.	I thought I saw a resemblance.
Jeg gentog simpelthen hans ord.	I simply repeated his words.
Jeg besøgte alle de internationale lufthavne.	I visited all the international airports.
Jeg glemte helt grøntsagerne.	I completely forgot the vegetables.
Jeg ringede til hans repræsentant.	I phoned his representative.
Jeg modtog dit brev, og jeg var meget bekymret.	I received your letter and I was very worried.
Jeg talte med den nye manager, jeg arrangerede alt.	I talked to the new manager, I arranged everything.
Jeg var syg, men jeg har det godt nu.	I was sick, but I'm fine now.
Jeg lagde mærke til mærkelige detaljer.	I noticed strange details.
Jeg ringede straks efter en ambulance.	I immediately called an ambulance.
Jeg har en ny kæreste.	I have a new boyfriend.
Jeg har en overraskelse til Charles.	I have a surprise for Charles.
Jeg opdagede amerikansk musik.	I discovered American music.
Jeg har billetterne i tasken.	I have the tickets in my bag.
Desværre har jeg dårlige nyheder.	Unfortunately, I have bad news.
Jeg nød at lytte til dem.	I enjoyed listening to them.
Jeg har en kandidatgrad i maskinteknik.	I have a master's degree in mechanical engineering.
Jeg valgte dobbelt nationalitet.	I chose dual nationality.
Jeg havde utrolige forældre.	I had incredible parents.
Jeg har nogle ting at forholde mig til.	I have some things to deal with.
Jeg indså endelig, at der findes vampyrer.	I finally realized that vampires exist.
Jeg hyrede en dårlig revisor.	I hired a bad accountant.
Jeg voksede op i denne by.	I grew up in this city.
Jeg skrev en sang om det.	I wrote a song about it.
Jeg ville også prøve det.	I wanted to try it too.
Hvad har du lyst til til aftensmad?	What do you fancy for dinner?
Det er lidt langt fra Europa, synes du ikke?	That's kind of far from Europe, don't you think?
Lad mig spænde min sikkerhedssele!	Let me fasten my seat belt!
Jeg har lige fundet ud af, at mit yndlingshotel er gået konkurs.	I just found out my favorite hotel has gone out of business.
Det ligner lidt favorisering for mig.	It looks a bit like favouritism to me.
Er dette projekt overhovedet muligt?	Is this project even feasible?
Toms historie var ikke særlig gennemførlig.	Tom's story was not very feasible.
Hvor meget er medlemsgebyret for dit fitnesscenter?	How much is the membership fee for your gym?
Vil du have mig til at fodre din kat?	Would you like me to feed your cat?
Jeg ser frem til at høre din feedback.	I look forward to hearing your feedback.
Du er velkommen til at ringe til mig når som helst.	Feel free to call me anytime.
Jeg føler mig på toppen af ​​verden i dag!	I feel on top of the world today!
Jeg har et par timer til at slå ihjel, og jeg begynder at føle mig en smule pjattet.	I've got a few hours to kill and I'm starting to feel a bit peckish.
Lad os få en bid mad.	Let's get a bite to eat.
Heldigvis havde Mary det på samme måde som Tom.	Fortunately Mary felt the same way as did Tom.
Faktisk føler jeg mig lidt nede.	Actually, I'm feeling a bit down.
Skal jeg hente Tom fra fornøjelsesloungen?	Shall I fetch Tom from the pleasure lounge?
Gå hen og hent maden og grillen fra bilen!	Go and fetch the food and barbecue from the car!
Jeg har det ikke så godt, jeg tror måske jeg har feber.	I don't feel so good, I think I might have a fever.
Jeg har feber, og jeg bliver ved med at hoste.	I have a fever and I keep coughing.
Vejret er lidt køligt her til morgen.	The weather is a little chilly this morning.
Hvem kan stille dette spørgsmål?	Who can field this question?
Marys børn skal på udflugt i zoologisk have i morgen.	Mary's kids are going on a field trip to the zoo tomorrow.
Mine studier er finansieret af min mor.	My studies are financed by my mother.
For at være ærlig, fandt jeg den restaurant dyr.	To be honest, I found that restaurant expensive.
Har du et øjeblik til at diskutere disse tal med mig?	Do you have a moment to discuss these figures with me?
Jeg finder en måde at få en lønforhøjelse på.	I'll find a way to get a raise.
Min kreativitet får udløb gennem at lære moderne sprog.	My creativity finds an outlet through learning modern languages.
Jeg har fundet min mand!	I've found my man!
Her er resultaterne af vores rapport.	Here are the findings of our report.
Har du nogensinde stået uden arbejde?	Have you ever found yourself without a job?
Jeg længes efter at genopdage det fine britiske køkken.	I'm dying to rediscover fine British cuisine.
Jeg er lige ved at afslutte nogle noter hurtigt.	I'm just finishing off some notes quickly.
Afslut din tallerken, inden du går ud.	Finish off your plate before going out.
Jeg skal lige lægge sidste hånd på præsentationen.	I just have to put the finishing touches on the presentation.
Det er næsten færdigt.	It's almost done.
Ilden breder sig til benzintanken.	The fire is spreading to the gas tank.
Hun er en rigtig fyrværkeri!	She is a real firecracker!
Brandfolkene forsøger desperat at nå frem til ulykkesstedet.	Firefighters are trying desperately to reach the scene of the accident.
Lad os håbe, de kommer, før det er for sent!	Let's hope they arrive before it's too late!
Jeg rejser kun første klasse.	I only travel first class.
Først til mølle!	First come, first served!
Så ses vi alle sammen.	See you all then.
Tjek nogle af disse førstehåndsudtalelser.	Check out some of these first-hand testimonials.
Jeg skal være så objektiv som muligt.	I have to be as objective as possible.
Det er den første i en lang række!	It's the first in a long series!
Første stop, laboratoriet.	First stop, the laboratory.
Så får vi se.	Then we'll see.
Læg de filer på mit skrivebord, og jeg vil se på dem i morgen tidlig.	Put those files on my desk, and I'll look at them first thing in the morning.
Først og fremmest, lad os gå til pigen med hovedet i skyerne.	First things first, let's go to the girl with her head in the clouds.
Hvad er dens skattemæssige status?	What's its fiscal status?
Skal du ud og fiske?	Are you going fishing?
Hvad i alverden laver du i en fiskerbåd?	What on earth are you doing in a fishing boat?
Det endte med knytnæver.	It ended with fisticuffs.
Jeg er ikke sikker på, om dette maleri passer på væggen.	I'm not sure if this painting will fit on the wall.
Den passer dig som hånd i handske!	It fits you like a glove!
Denne kjole passer perfekt til dig!	This dress fits you to perfection!
Han er ret fit!	He's quite fit!
Vi fandt endelig en mand, der passer til denne beskrivelse.	We finally found a man who fits this description.
Han er egnet til stillingen.	He's fit for the position.
Tom er næppe egnet til at drive en virksomhed.	Tom is hardly fit to run a company.
Surfbrættet passer ikke i min kuffert.	The surfboard doesn't fit in my suitcase.
Jeg passer ikke i disse jeans længere.	I don't fit in these jeans anymore.
Den nye elev passer ikke ind her på skolen.	The new student does not fit in here at school.
Jeg kan ikke passe dig ind i min tidsplan.	I can't fit you in my schedule.
Dette vand er ikke egnet til at drikke.	This water isn't fit to drink.
Dette vand er udrikkeligt.	This water is undrinkable.
Har du fastsat datoerne endnu?	Have you fixed the dates yet?
Vi har ikke fastsat de endelige detaljer i budgettet.	We haven't fixed the final details of the budget.
Lad mig først og fremmest stille dig et par spørgsmål, og så aftaler vi en dato for installationen.	Let me first and foremost ask you a few questions, and then we'll fix a date for the installation.
De manipulerede fodboldkampen.	They rigged the football game.
Jeg er ved at ordne et måltid.	I am fixing a meal.
Jeg blev forbløffet, da jeg fandt ud af, at Mary plejede at hedde Peter.	I was flabbergasted when I found out that Mary used to be called Peter.
Han kan lide flamboyant tøj.	He likes flamboyant clothes.
Vi troede, at Mary og Tom var faret vild på havet, men så så vi nødbluset.	We thought Mary and Tom were lost at sea but then we saw the distress flare.
Denne bil er lidt prangende.	This car is kind of flashy.
Tom har en flaske Tequila med sig, uanset hvor han går.	Tom carries a flask of Tequila with him wherever he goes.
Jeg opkræver et fast gebyr på 2.000 dollars pr. weekend for mine tjenester.	I charge a flat fee of 2,000 dollars per weekend for my services.
Det ser ud til, at vi har et fladt dæk.	It looks like we've got a flat tire.
Mary, du smigrer mig.	Mary, you're flattering me.
Jeg er virkelig smigret!	I'm truly flattered!
Jeg er behørigt smigret over dit forslag.	I am duly flattered by your proposal.
Tom hæftede ved et uheld den kødfulde del af sit øre.	Tom accidentally stapled the fleshy part of his ear.
Det er kun et kødsår, som man siger.	It's only a flesh-wound, as they say.
Hvorfor slår vi ikke en mønt?	Why don't we flip a coin?
Vi vil vende den.	We're going to flip it.
Huset var så oversvømmet, at jeg måtte svømme til køkkenet.	The house was so flooded that I had to swim to the kitchen.
Forfalskede dvd'er fra asiatiske lande har oversvømmet det europæiske marked.	Counterfeit DVDs from Asian countries have flooded the European market.
Vil medlemmerne af ordet venligst rejse sig?	Would the members of the floor please stand up?
Så længe champagnen flyder, er Tom glad.	As long as the champagne is flowing, Tom is happy.
Jeg tror, ​​jeg har en mavevirus, eller influenza eller begge dele.	I think I have a stomach virus, or the flu, or both.
Jeg kan ikke holde styr på det svingende marked.	I can't keep track of the fluctuating market.
Skyerne er hvide og temmelig luftige.	The clouds are white and fairly fluffy.
Fuglen fløj ind i buret.	The bird flew into the cage.
Jeg er lige fløjet ind fra San Francisco.	I just flew in from San Francisco.
Jeg flyver til New York City i morgen.	I'm flying out to New York City tomorrow.
Nu hvor min eneste kollega er gået på pension, flyver jeg solo.	Now that my only colleague has retired, I'm flying solo.
Vores flyvetid i aften bliver lige under 6 timer, men jeg vil se om jeg kan sætte farten lidt op.	Our flying time tonight will be just under 6 hours, but I'll see if I can speed things up a bit.
Pressen fokuserer på skandalen.	The press is focusing on the scandal.
Fokus i næste måneds udgave vil være virkningerne af den globale opvarmning.	The focus of next month's issue will be the effects of global warming.
San Francisco er blandt andet kendt for sin tåge og sine bakker.	San Francisco is known for its fog and its hills among other things.
Jeg kan ikke vente med at dele Toms foie gras med dig!	I can't wait to share Tom's foie gras with you!
Lad os få foie gras til at starte.	Let's have foie gras to start.
Mary er lige startet på en folkedans klasse.	Mary just started a folk dancing class.
Jeg vil gerne have dig til at møde mine folk.	I'd like you to meet my folks.
Du bør følge mit råd og gifte dig med hende.	You should follow my advice and marry her.
Jeg anbefaler stærkt, at du følger hendes råd.	I strongly suggest you follow her advice.
Jeg har altid ønsket at følge i dine fodspor.	I've always wanted to follow in your footsteps.
Hvad er spillereglerne?	What are the rules of the game?
Mary siger, at hun vil følge op på sine ambitioner.	Mary says she will follow through on her ambitions.
Hans opfølgende album var mindre af en succes end hans første.	His follow-up album was less of a success than his first one.
Jeg vil gerne følge op på vores samtale om global opvarmning.	I would like to follow up on our conversation about global warming.
Er du ledig i næste uge til en opfølgende samtale?	Are you available next week for a follow-up interview?
Mary blev anholdt efter anklager for mord.	Mary was arrested following charges of murder.
Tom er glad for rygmassage.	Tom is fond of back massages.
Desuden er jeg ikke fan af cafeteriamaden.	Also, I am not a fan of the cafeteria food.
Yderligere to fødevareforarbejdningsanlæg lukkede i denne måned.	Two more food processing plants closed down this month.
Lad dig ikke narre af Toms e-mail!	Don't be fooled by Tom's e-mail!
Vi var unge og tåbelige dengang.	We were young and foolish back then.
Jeg betaler regningen i aften.	I'm footing the bill tonight.
Jeg bragte utrolige optagelser tilbage fra Marokko.	I brought back incredible footage from Morocco.
Hvad skal jeg helt præcist med en fodboldklub?	What am I going to do with a football club exactly?
Hvis fodspor er disse?	Whose footprints are these?
Jeg forstår ikke rigtig fodtøj.	I don't really understand footwear.
Kunne du prøve at være lidt mindre egoistisk for en forandring?	Could you try to be a little less selfish for a change?
Jeg vil holde dette kort og til sagen, til en forandring.	I'll keep this short and to the point, for a change.
Rør den ikke i et minut!	Don't touch it for a minute!
Lad mig til at begynde med præsentere Mary for dig.	For a start let me introduce Mary to you.
Vi har ikke rigtig brugt tid sammen i et stykke tid.	We haven't really spent time with each other for a while.
Kunne du tænke dig at køre et stykke tid?	Would you mind driving for a while?
Jeg har ledt efter sådan et lækkert satin-tørklæde i evigheder.	I've been looking for a nice satin scarf like that for aeons.
Det, jeg virkelig havde brug for, var at bruge lidt tid sammen med mine bedste kammerater Tom og Mary, som jeg har kendt i evigheder.	What I really needed was to spend a bit of time with my best mates Tom and Mary, who I've known for ages.
For alle andre anmodninger, hold venligst linjen.	For all other requests, please hold the line.
Intet har ændret sig i generationer.	Nothing has changed for generations.
Vi kunne mødes hjemme hos mig for en gangs skyld.	We could meet at my house for once.
For en gangs skyld i mit liv vil jeg lave parfume.	For once in my life I want to make perfumes.
Først og fremmest er jeg ikke til salg.	First of all, I'm not for sale.
Af en eller anden grund kan jeg ikke lide Tom.	For some reason I don't like Tom.
Jeg har boet i San Francisco i nogen tid nu.	I've been living in San Francisco for some time now.
For første gang i lang tid føler jeg mig uinspireret og ærlig talt er jeg træt.	For the first time in a long while, I feel uninspired and quite frankly, I'm tired.
Volkswagen skulle være massernes bil!	Volkswagen was supposed to be the car for the masses!
Til min kost kan jeg ikke spise mere slik de næste to måneder.	For my diet, I can't eat any more sweets for the next two months.
Jeg skal være i Marokko de næste syv år.	I'll be in Morocco for the next seven years.
I de sidste to uger har Mary arbejdet non-stop på at forberede pressemødet.	For the past two weeks, Mary has been working non-stop to prepare for the press conference.
I de sidste syv dage har hele vores computernetværk været nede.	For the past seven days, our entire computer network has been down.
For ordens skyld stemte jeg ikke på Trump.	For the record I didn't vote for Trump.
Af hensyn til dem omkring dig, bedes du undlade at ryge på kontoret.	For the sake of those around you, please refrain from smoking in the office.
Foreløbig er jeg tilfreds med min internetudbyder.	For the time being, I'm happy with my internet service provider.
For dem af os, der elsker frisbee, er der en kamp i morgen.	For those of us that love frisbee, there's a match tomorrow.
Jeg lod min guldfisk være alene og uden mad for længe, ​​og den døde til sidst!	I left my gold fish alone and without food for too long and it eventually died!
For hvad det er værd, synes jeg ikke du skal gå.	For what it's worth, I don't think you should go.
Jeg er kun i byen for en nat.	I'm in town for one night only.
Jeg har spillet tennis i årevis.	I've played tennis for years and years.
Dette dokument er yderst fortroligt.	This document is highly confidential.
Kun for dine øjne.	For your eyes only.
Døren er tung.	The door is heavy.
Du skal bruge mange kræfter for at åbne den.	You need to use a lot of force to open it.
Da det begyndte at regne, løb Marys hårfarve ned ad hendes pande.	When it started raining, Mary's hair dye ran down her forehead.
Tom er fra et fremmed land.	Tom is from a foreign country.
Kundeservice er en af ​​vores vigtigste prioriteter.	Customer service is one of our foremost priorities.
Først og fremmest vil jeg gerne takke alle for at komme.	First and foremost, I'd like to thank everyone for coming.
Forventer du ændringer?	Do you foresee any changes?
Jeg tror ikke, at Tom vil finde en kæreste til sig selv inden for en overskuelig fremtid.	I don't think that Tom will find a girlfriend for himself in the foreseeable future.
Jeg vil elske dig for evigt og altid.	I will love you forever and ever.
Du bliver nødt til at skåle, men det er kun en formalitet.	You'll have to make a toast but it's just a formality.
Jeg er blevet formelt inviteret til at drikke te med dronningen.	I have been formally invited to have tea with the Queen.
Jeg har desværre travlt.	Unfortunately I am busy.
Hvor formelt skal dine gæster klæde sig?	How formally should your guests dress?
Jeg havde problemer med mine tidligere lejere.	I had problems with my former tenants.
Så snart skænderiet sluttede, forlod jeg kontoret med det samme.	As soon as the argument ended, I left the office forthwith.
Takket være jeres initiativer er vi blevet anerkendt som en progressiv og fremsynet virksomhed af pressen.	Thanks to your initiatives we've been recognized as a progressive and forward-thinking enterprise by the press.
Jeg fandt et dinosaurfossil i min have.	I found a dinosaur fossil in my garden.
Jeg har noget foundation på, en smule blush og noget eyeliner.	I'm wearing some foundation, a bit of blush and some eyeliner.
Dette land er grundlagt på principperne om frihed, lighed og broderskab.	This country is founded upon the principles of freedom, equality and fraternity.
Det skal være et firestjernet hotel og centralt.	It has to be a four-star hotel, and central.
Jeg kan ikke lide den måde du siger din mening på.	I don't like the way you speak your mind.
Denne region er berømt for sine fugle.	This region is famous for its fowl.
Helt ærligt, jeg aner ikke, hvad der foregår her.	Frankly, I have no idea what's going on here.
Du er sådan en freak.	You're such a freak.
Freaks bliver normalt undgået fra samfundet.	Freaks are normally shunned from society.
Din forbandede bedstefar kørte næsten over mig!	Your freaking grandfather nearly ran me over!
Jeg kan ikke se en skide ting!	I can't see a freaking thing!
Tom er helt sindssyg!	Tom is totally freaking nuts!
Billetterne er gratis.	The tickets are free of charge.
Hvis du har lidt fri i weekenden, bør du komme over for en drink.	If you have some free time this weekend, you should come over for a drink.
Hvis jeg må tale frit, er denne annonce forfærdelig.	If I may speak freely, this ad is horrible.
Er fragten ankommet endnu?	Has the freight arrived yet?
Jeg kiggede på menuen, og du vil aldrig gætte, hvad de serverede: fransk toast!	I looked at the menu and you'll never guess what they were serving: French toast!
Jeg vil have dig til at stoppe med at frekventere kirkegården om natten.	I want you to stop frequenting the graveyard at night.
Gamle Tom kunne godt bruge lidt frisk luft.	Old Tom could use some fresh air.
Vær ikke for meget bekymret, okay?	Don't fret too much, okay?
Jeg er i en skide natklub, dude!	I'm in a fricking nightclub, dude!
Budgetnedskæringerne vil helt sikkert skabe nogle gnidninger i afdelingen.	The budget cuts are bound to cause some friction in the department.
Der har altid været nogle gnidninger mellem Tom og Mary.	There's always been some friction between Tom and Mary.
De er ikke særlig venlige på denne restaurant.	They're not very friendly at this restaurant.
Mængden af ​​penge, de brugte på brylluppet, er skræmmende.	The amount of money they spent on the wedding is frightening.
Er det ikke lidt useriøst at købe malerier til kontoret?	Isn't buying paintings for the office a little frivolous?
Dette er en gave fra os alle.	This is a present from all of us.
Jeg er klædt i rødt fra top til tå.	I am dressed in red from head to toe.
Jeg kunne høre dig på kilometers afstand!	I could hear you from miles away!
Fra nu af vil jeg have en varm kop kaffe på mit skrivebord, når jeg ankommer til kontoret.	From now on, I want a hot cup of coffee on my desk when I arrive at the office.
Han stjal min kæreste lige under min næse!	He stole my girlfriend from right under my nose!
Jeg fornemmer en accent der, du er ikke fra de her egne, vel?	I sense an accent there, you're not from round these parts, are you?
Er du fra omkring disse dele?	Are you from round these parts?
Det går godt fra mit perspektiv.	Things are going well from my perspective.
Vi mødes stadig fra tid til anden.	We still get together from time to time.
Ud fra hvad Tom fortæller mig, klarer vi os meget godt i dette kvartal.	From what Tom tells me, we are doing very well this quarter.
Tom er frustreret over, at hans kæreste endnu ikke har ringet tilbage til ham.	Tom is frustrated that his girlfriend hasn't yet called him back.
Mary bliver frustreret, når hendes kolleger ikke genbruger.	Mary gets frustrated when her colleagues do not recycle.
Hvorfor steger du ikke nogle af de fine pølser til vores grill?	Why don't you fry up some of those nice sausages for our barbecue?
Jeg har lige spist en tallerken fuld af croissanter.	I have just eaten a plate full of croissants.
Nu er jeg mæt.	Now I am full.
Det har været en hel dag med spænding og magi for mig.	It has been a full day of excitement and magic for me.
Dagen før Thanksgiving er supermarkederne fyldt til bristepunktet.	The day before Thanksgiving, the supermarkets are full to bursting.
Loftshøjden er 14 fod, og lejligheden leveres fuldt møbleret.	The ceiling height is 14 feet, and the apartment comes fully furnished.
Det ville være sjovt at lave nogle crepes på kontoret.	It would be fun to make some crepes in the office.
Har du andre sjove fakta til os?	Have you got any other fun facts for us?
Gutter, kan I give os nogle sjove fakta, så vores lyttere aldrig glemmer jeres lande?	Guys, can you give us some fun facts so that our listeners will never forget your countries?
Lykken er som en lille fugl: på et eller andet tidspunkt flyver den væk.	Happiness is like a little bird: at some time or another it flies away.
Du har tabt dig ikke?	You've lost weight haven't you?
Jeg er nødt til at putte noget gas i min bil.	I need to put some gas in my car.
Jeg vil stoppe ved den næste tankstation.	I'm going to pull over at the next gas station.
Benzintanken kommer til at eksplodere.	The gas tank is going to explode.
Jeg har noget benzin lige her.	I've got some gasoline right here.
Firmaet tilbød mig en generøs pakke.	The company offered me a generous package.
Tom er et matematisk geni.	Tom is a mathematical genius.
Det er genialt!	It's genius!
Tom har blide hænder.	Tom has gentle hands.
Jeg er oprigtigt bekymret for Toms helbred.	I'm genuinely concerned with Tom's health.
Jeg får et optaget-signal, når jeg prøver at ringe til Tom.	I get a busy signal when I try to call Tom.
Min far og mor skal skilles.	My daddy and mommy are getting a divorce.
Jeg vil gerne have en fornemmelse af dit forhold til kunden.	I would like to get a feel for your rapport with the customer.
Jeg får et rigtig kick ud af fodbold!	I get a real kick out of football!
Jeg har ikke fået lønforhøjelse i to år!	I haven't gotten a raise in two years!
Vil du komme videre på engelsk?	Do you want to get ahead in English?
Tom kom endelig til at ringe til sin bedstemor.	Tom finally got around to calling his grandmother.
Det viste sig, at hun var død.	It turned out she was dead.
Kom væk fra det hele!	Get away from it all!
Morderen slap af sted med sin forbrydelse.	The murderer got away with his crime.
Jeg er lige kommet hjem fra Hawaii.	I just got back from Hawaii.
Jeg er sikker på, at du kommer tilbage i gang med tingene.	I'm sure you'll get back into the swing of things.
Vær venlig at blive komfortabel.	Please get comfortable.
Jeg vil klare mig med ham!	I'll get even with him!
Jeg prøver at blive fit.	I'm trying to get fit.
Skal vi i gang?	Should we get going?
Lad os blive spændt!	Let's get hitched!
Jeg er ved at blive lidt sulten.	I'm getting kind of hungry.
Det ser ud til, at Tom er kommet ind i tequilaen.	It looks like Tom has gotten into the tequila.
Jeg går ind i filmbranchen!	I am going into the movie business!
Gå væk fra mig!	Get off me!
Jeg har fri fra arbejde omkring ti.	I get off work around ten.
Stop med at græde og tag dig sammen.	Stop crying and get your act together​.
Jeg er ikke særlig god til at tale italiensk, men jeg vil ikke have, at det kommer ud i det fri.	I'm not very good at speaking Italian but I don't want it to get out into the open.
Få mig væk fra dette sted!	Get me out of this place!
Aktiekursen styrtdykker - kom ud, mens du kan.	The share price is plummeting – get out while you can.
Jeg kan stadig ikke komme over det faktum, at du blev fyret!	I still can't get over the fact that you got fired!
Har du fået løn endnu?	Have you gotten paid yet?
Tom er en pigedreng.	Tom is a girly boy.
Det er ikke let, men det kan lade sig gøre.	It's not easy, it's but doable.
Jeg har ikke en advokat nu.	I don't have a lawyer now.
"Er Tom og Maria en og samme person?"	"Are Tom and Maria one and the same person?"
"Nej, Tom er ikke Maria og Maria er ikke Tom.	"No, Tom is not Maria and Maria is not Tom.
Maria er Maria og Tom er Tom."	Maria is Maria and Tom is Tom."
Jeg er enig med dig i denne sag.	I agree with you on this matter.
"Marilla, har jeg virkelig en smuk næse?	"Marilla, have I really a pretty nose?
Jeg ved, du vil fortælle mig sandheden."	I know you'll tell me the truth."
"Din næse er god nok," sagde Marilla kort.	"Your nose is well enough," said Marilla shortly.
Hemmeligt syntes hun, at Annes næse var en bemærkelsesværdig smuk en; men hun havde ikke i sinde at fortælle hende det.	Secretly she thought Anne's nose was a remarkable pretty one; but she had no intention of telling her so.
"Hvad tænker du på?"	"What are you thinking about?"
"Ikke noget særligt."	"Nothing special."
Synes du, at jeg er skræmmende?	Do you think that I'm scary?
Jeg blev stenet.	I was stoned.
Det er en af ​​mine daglige gøremål.	That is one of my daily chores.
Det er en af ​​mine daglige pligter.	That is one of my daily duties.
Jeg har aldrig sprunget en klasse over.	I have never skipped a class.
Denne støvle er lort, fordi den er fra Kina.	This boot is crap because it's from China.
Vi får ikke mange muligheder for at tale fransk.	We don't get many opportunities to speak French.
Jeg skal så langt som til lufthavnen.	I'm going as far as the airport.
Jeg elsker bantusprog.	I love Bantu languages.
Jeg elsker kinesisk-tibetanske sprog.	I love Sino-Tibetan languages.
Jeg elsker austronesiske sprog.	I love Austronesian languages.
Jeg elsker semitiske sprog.	I love Semitic languages.
Hun er i skoven.	She's in the forest.
Du gjorde noget, som jeg aldrig ville gøre.	You did something that I would never do.
Rødhætte tog kurven, som hendes bedstemor havde vævet, og satte den på hendes arm.	Little Red Riding Hood took the basket that her grandma had woven and put it on her arm.
Han er altid populær blandt sine venner.	He is always popular among his friends.
Så hver gang han støder på problemer eller nødsituationer, er de glade for at tilbyde hjælp.	So whenever he comes across troubles or emergencies, they are happy to offer help.
Mange planter visnede på grund af mangel på vand.	Many plants withered due to lack of water.
Vi gik til den restaurant, du foreslog.	We went to the restaurant you suggested.
Hvis jeg var et stoplys, ville jeg blive rød hver gang du gik forbi, så jeg kunne se på dig lidt længere.	If I were a stop light, I'd turn red every time you passed by, so I could look at you a bit longer.
Ja sandelig.	Yes indeed.
Jeg går på arbejde klokken otte om morgenen.	I go to work at eight o'clock in the morning.
At tage til Italien for at studere føles ret godt.	Going to Italy to study feels pretty good.
Det rumænske sprog er en del af den romanske sprogfamilie.	The Romanian language is part of the Romance language family.
Ved at hjælpe et insekt ud af besvær gør jeg ikke andet end at forsøge at udhule lidt af den uendelige menneskelige skyldfølelse over for skabelsen.	By helping an insect out of difficulty, I do nothing more than try to erode a little of the never-ending human guilt towards creation.
Musikken alene var ikke nok til at give stemme til hans følelser.	The music alone wasn't enough to give voice to his feelings.
Der krævedes et mægtigt kor!	A mighty choir was required!
Går du faktisk til dansetime?	Do you actually go to dance class?
Lige da Tom var ved at falde i søvn, bremsede toget pludselig og fik ham tilbage i den vågne verden.	Just as Tom was falling asleep the train braked suddenly, jolting him back into the waking world.
Vi gjorde grin med ham over denne hændelse.	We made fun of him over this incident.
Tom var så gammel, at selv de ældste i landsbyen kendte ham kun som en gammel mand.	Tom was so old that even those oldest in the village knew him only as an old man.
Håbet er engen, hvor tåberne græsser.	Hope is the meadow on which fools graze.
Er mennesket virkelig Skabelsens højdepunkt, eller er det bare en freak af naturen?	Is man really the pinnacle of Creation, or just a freak of nature?
"Hvorfor skal japanerne lære engelsk?	"Why do the Japanese have to learn English?
Udlændinge bør venligt lære japansk!"	Foreigners should kindly learn Japanese!"
"Du har ret!"	"You're right!"
Forhåbentlig glemmer vi aldrig, at vi er søskende.	Hopefully we will never forget that we're siblings.
Min kære, jeg har tænkt mig at finde en restaurant, hvis måltidet ikke er færdigt klokken syv.	My love, I intend to look up a restaurant, in case the meal isn't ready by seven.
Så jeg mangler stadig en lykkelig slutning!	So, I still need a happy ending!
Jeg skal benytte lejligheden til at forbedre mine sproglige evner.	I must take the opportunity to improve my language ability.
Jeg har på fornemmelsen, at der næsten ikke har været nogle interessante serier på det seneste.	I have the feeling that there have been hardly any interesting series lately.
Hvorfor bekymrer folk sig egentlig om dårligt vejr?	Why actually do people fret about bad weather?
At han spiste en pizza irriterede sin søster.	His eating a pizza annoyed his sister.
Troede du virkelig på, at du er Toms ven, som du ser i ham?	Did you really believe that you're the friend for Tom that you see in him?
Tom, kom venligst ind på mit kontor, når du er færdig.	Tom, please come into my office when you are finished.
Jeg må fortælle dig noget vigtigt.	I must tell you something important.
"Okay, lyset slukket, jeg skal sove.	"All right, lights off, I'm going to sleep.
Godnat, Tom!	Good night, Tom!
Søde drømme!"	Sweet dreams!"
"Tak, Maria!	"Thanks, Maria!
Også dig!"	You too!"
Deres rejse var stille, bortset fra motorens summen, susen fra regnen og den rytmiske knirken fra vinduesviskerne.	Their journey was silent but for the hum of the engine, the hiss of the rain and the rhythmic squeaking of the windshield wipers.
Du er sådan en tøs.	You're such a wimp.
Du følte dig udelukket.	You felt excluded.
Mary udtalte sin forargelse og vendte sig væk fra Tom, fornærmet.	Mary gave utterance to her outrage and turned away from Tom, offended.
Svømning er et tidsfordriv for mig.	Swimming is a pastime for me.
At læse bøger ophørte med at være et mindretals privilegium.	Reading books ceased to be the privilege of a minority.
Jeg skriver noget sludder.	I'm writing nonsense.
Jeg skriver vrøvl.	I'm writing gibberish.
Jorden dækker sig selv i mørke, men folk er ikke bange for natten.	The Earth covers itself in darkness, but people are not afraid of the night.
Jeg skriver vrøvl.	I write gibberish.
Jeg skriver noget sludder.	I write nonsense.
Jeg kan desværre ikke forstå et ord, når du taler med ansigtet væk fra mig.	Unfortunately I can't understand a word when you speak facing away from me.
Ord er altid dristigere end gerninger.	Words are always bolder than deeds.
Fremstillet i Kina.	Made in China.
Hver dag er en ny begyndelse - tag en dyb indånding og start på en frisk.	Every day is a new beginning – take a deep breath and start afresh.
Ingen kan bringe en svunden tid tilbage.	No one can bring back a bygone era.
Ingen kan bringe en svunden tid tilbage.	Nobody can bring back a time gone by.
Vær tilstede.	Be present.
Jeg er en meget intuitiv person.	I'm a very intuitive person.
Den der ringer, så giv mig besked med det samme!	Whoever calls, let me know immediately!
Hvem det end er, der ringer, så lad mig vide det med det samme!	Whoever it is who rings, let me know right away!
Nogle siger, at kunst er subjektiv.	Some say that art is subjective.
Sig, hvad du kan lide om Tom og Mary.	Say what you like about Tom and Mary.
Når det kommer til historie og videnskab, er nøjagtigheden af ​​indholdet topprioritet.	When it comes to history and science, accuracy of content is the top priority.
En ordentlig herre bringer sin dame røde roser.	A proper gentleman brings his lady red roses.
Jeg er i hælene på dig.	I'm on your heels.
Jeg er på din hale.	I'm on your tail.
Tyskland er det eneste land, hvor Schlager-sangerne ligner deres sange.	Germany is the only country in which the Schlager singers look like their songs.
Dette er min tusinde esperanto-sætning.	This is my thousandth Esperanto sentence.
Esperanto-håndbøgerne er billige.	The Esperanto handbooks are cheap.
Dette er min tusinde sætning på esperanto.	This is my thousandth sentence in Esperanto.
Onklerne, tanter, bedstefædre og bedstemødre er der også.	The uncles, aunts, grandads and grandmas are there as well.
Det tyvende hyppigste bogstav på esperanto er 'c'.	The twentieth most frequent letter in Esperanto is 'c'.
Han svarede ved at smile.	He answered by smiling.
Forskere har opdaget, at en 3700 år gammel babylonsk lertavle faktisk var verdens ældste trigonometriske bord.	Scientists have discovered that a 3700-year-old Babylonian clay tablet was in fact the world's oldest trigonometric table.
Det var nu midt på efteråret - årgangstiden var nær, og alle havde travlt på markerne.	It was now the middle of autumn—the vintage season was at hand, and everyone was busy in the fields.
Der var mange mennesker der.	There were many people there.
Jeg skal ikke til Toms koncert.	I'm not going to Tom's concert.
Jeg spiste ikke al isen.	I didn't eat all of the ice cream.
Der er stadig lidt tilbage.	There's still a little left.
Tom giftede sig igen med sin første kone, efter at han blev skilt fra sin tredje.	Tom remarried his first wife after he divorced his third.
Min bedstefar bruger stadig et kamera, der bruger film.	My grandfather still uses a camera that uses film.
Du håber ikke, at Tom får os til at gøre det, gør du ikke?	You hope Tom doesn't make us do that, don't you?
Du vil gerne have, at jeg også gør det, ikke?	You'd like me to do that, too, wouldn't you?
Du ville være ligeglad, hvis jeg gjorde det, ville du?	You wouldn't care if I did that, would you?
Du studerede hårdt til testen, gjorde du ikke?	You studied hard for the test, didn't you?
Tom var ikke den, der spiste al isen.	Tom wasn't the one who ate all of the ice cream.
Jeg behøver ikke blive, hvis jeg ikke vil.	I don't have to stay if I don't want to.
Du kan blive såret, hvis du prøvede at gøre det.	You might get hurt if you tried doing that.
Du ser ud som om du har været oppe hele natten.	You look like you've been up all night.
Vi købte et hus for 300.000 dollars.	We bought a house for 300,000 dollars.
Jeg håber, at Tom snart bliver bedre.	I hope Tom will soon be better.
Det burde du være færdig med nu.	You should be done doing that by now.
Det ville du kunne gøre, ikke?	You'd be able to do that, wouldn't you?
Vi ville være i stand til at gøre det for dig.	We'd be able to do that for you.
Jeg tvivler på, at det vil ske i dag.	I doubt that will happen today.
Tom sagde, at aliens havde bortført ham.	Tom said aliens had abducted him.
Vi sad sammen ved disken.	We sat together at the counter.
Min søster har mange venner.	My sister has many friends.
Jeg er ikke ekspert i forhold.	I'm not an expert at relationships.
Jeg elsker at skabe karakterer og se, hvor jeg kan tage dem hen.	I love creating characters and seeing where I can take them.
Mit hjemmeliv er godt, men jeg kæmper stadig for at få mig selv til at skrive.	My home life is good, but I'm still struggling to get myself to write.
Lad os gøre det endnu en gang.	Let's do it once more.
Vi troede alle på, hvad han sagde.	We all believed in what he said.
I sidste ende var det os, der løste gåden.	In the end, it was us who solved the puzzle.
Det var endelig os, der forklarede mysteriet.	It was finally us who explained the mystery.
Slap af, vi har allerede løst hundeproblemet.	Relax, we've already resolved the dog issue.
Bare rolig, vi har allerede afgjort sagen om hunden.	Calm down, we've already settled the matter of the dog.
Kan råt kød fodres til katte?	Can raw meat be fed to cats?
Skal kattes kløer trimmes?	Do cats' claws need trimming?
Skal kattes kløer trimmes?	Do cats' claws have to be trimmed?
"Gud tilgive dig!" råbte Madame Charpentier og kastede hænderne op og sank tilbage i stolen.	"God forgive you!" cried Madame Charpentier, throwing up her hands and sinking back in her chair.
"Du har myrdet din bror."	"You have murdered your brother."
Jeg laver altid denne øvelse.	I always do this exercise.
Jeg fortalte hende om min indre konflikt.	I told her about my inner conflict.
Du så ikke ud til at være villig til det.	You didn't seem to be willing to do that.
Jeg ville selv have gjort det, hvis jeg havde vidst hvordan.	I'd have done that myself if I'd known how.
Jeg ville selv have gjort det, hvis jeg havde vidst hvordan.	I would've done that myself if I'd known how.
Jeg vidste, at jeg skulle fortælle Tom sandheden, men det ville jeg ikke.	I knew I should tell Tom the truth, but I didn't want to.
Hvordan vidste du, hvad Tom skulle gøre?	How did you know what Tom should do?
Tom var ikke den første, der afsluttede testen.	Tom wasn't the first one to finish the test.
Tom var ikke den eneste, der kom til skade.	Tom wasn't the only one who got hurt.
Vi vil ikke have, at du gør det igen.	We don't want you to do that again.
Det ville vi ikke gøre alene, vel?	We wouldn't do that by ourselves, would we?
Jeg ville ønske, jeg havde ventet.	I wish I had waited.
tomater, tomater.	Tomato, tomato.
Du skal være mere forsigtig med ting, der ikke tilhører dig.	You have to be more careful with things that don't belong to you.
Denne kjole passer som hånd i handske!	This dress fits like a glove!
Du har skuffet mig meget.	You've disappointed me a lot.
Tom gav en barnstorming-forestilling.	Tom gave a barnstorming performance.
Jeg har ikke noget at skamme mig over.	I have nothing to be ashamed of.
Vi viste mor vores feriebilleder hele eftermiddagen.	We were showing Mum our holiday snaps all afternoon.
Sami vandt i lotteriet, men delte ikke noget med Layla.	Sami won the lottery but didn't share anything with Layla.
Sami har altid troet, at Layla var en prostitueret.	Sami always thought Layla was a prostitute.
Layla og Sami ønskede ikke, at deres ægteskab blev offentliggjort.	Layla and Sami didn't want their marriage to be made public.
Sami viste sig frem med sin sportsvogn.	Sami was showing off with his sports car.
Layla levede et fjerntliggende liv i dybet af Frankrig.	Layla lived a remote life in the depths of France.
Sami måtte rejse kilometer for at få sikkert drikkevand.	Sami had to travel miles to get safe drinking water.
Sami gjorde Layla gravid og forlod hende uden at sige et ord.	Sami got Layla pregnant and left her without even saying a word.
Layla har ikke lyst til at få et barn på sin alder.	Layla doesn't feel like having a child at her age.
Sami og Layla har intet med hinanden at gøre længere.	Sami and Layla have nothing to do with each other anymore.
Sami og Layla har absolut intet til fælles.	Sami and Layla have absolutely nothing in common.
Layla håber på at finde ægte kærlighed for at glemme Sami.	Layla hopes to find true love to forget about Sami.
Layla og Sami gik fra hinanden efter 25 års samliv.	Layla and Sami separated after 25 years of living together.
Sami er virkelig en dum kanin.	Sami really is a dumb bunny.
Han gør sådan nogle dumme ting.	He does such stupid things.
Sami er tjener på en homobar.	Sami's a waiter at a gay bar.
Hvad tid mødes vi deroppe?	What time do we meet up there?
Det er bøvlet at skulle melde sig til min chef to gange om dagen.	It is a hassle to have to report to my boss two times a day.
Billetterne kostede kun et par dollars pr.	The tickets were only a few dollars a head.
Vi tog tidligt afsted for at få et forspring på turen.	We left early in order to get a head start on the trip.
Sami og Layla er i konstant konkurrence.	Sami and Layla are in constant competition.
Sami og Layla har ægteskabelige problemer.	Sami and Layla have marital problems.
Sami og Layla overvejer seriøst at flytte til en anden by.	Sami and Layla are seriously thinking about moving to another city.
Du tager et skridt mere, og du er død.	You take one more step and you're dead.
Layla og Samis ægteskab var en total katastrofe.	Layla and Sami's marriage was a total disaster.
Sami og Layla er nygifte.	Sami and Layla are newlyweds.
Sami og Layla er nygifte.	Sami and Layla are newly married.
Opfør dig, vil du?	Behave yourself, will you?
Vis lidt høflighed!	Show a little courtesy!
Vil du være så venlig at bringe mig et glas vand?	Would you be so kind as to bring me a glass of water?
Sami og Layla elsker hinanden vanvittigt.	Sami and Layla love each other madly.
Dette er hinsides perfektion.	This is beyond perfection.
Sami og Layla bliver aldrig enige om noget.	Sami and Layla never agree on anything.
Sami og Layla bliver ved med at skændes og slås.	Sami and Layla keep bickering and fighting.
Sami sagde dårlige ting om Layla.	Sami said bad things about Layla.
Sami sagde onde ting om Layla.	Sami said evil things about Layla.
Festen er i fuld gang.	The party's in full swing.
Sami og Layla mødtes på en datingside.	Sami and Layla met on a dating site.
Sami og Layla er på samme alder.	Sami and Layla are the same age.
Layla har ingen medlidenhed med de mennesker, der forrådte hende.	Layla has no pity for the people who betrayed her.
Sami tog det første skridt mod Layla.	Sami took the first step towards Layla.
Sami og Layla har forskellig smag, når det kommer til musik.	Sami and Layla have different tastes when it comes to music.
Jeg er ligeglad med hvilket tøj du har på.	I don't care about what clothes you're wearing.
Vil du acceptere mig lige som jeg er?	Will you accept me just as I am?
"En krone for dine tanker", sagde Layla, da hun så sin kæreste kigge ud af vinduet.	"A penny for your thoughts", Layla said as she saw her boyfriend looking out the window.
Tom vil sandsynligvis blive fritaget for at gøre det.	Tom is probably going to be excused from doing that.
Jeg ved ikke, hvor jeg efterlod mine solbriller.	I don't know where I left my sunglasses.
En god idé kan genkendes på, at den er stjålet.	A good idea can be recognised by the fact that it's stolen.
Koalitionsforhandlingerne i Berlin er brudt sammen.	The coalition talks in Berlin have broken down.
Koalitionsforhandlingerne i Berlin faldt igennem.	The coalition talks in Berlin fell through.
Ja, vi oplever revolutionære tider.	Yeah, we're experiencing revolutionary times.
Det kommer Tom og Mary ikke rigtig til at gøre, vel?	Tom and Mary aren't really going to do that, are they?
Begejstringen over at være flygtet var kortvarig: Tom vågnede op i strålen fra en politimands fakkel.	The elation at having successfully escaped was short-lived: Tom woke up in the beam of a policeman's torch.
Kan du ikke få en anden til at gå?	Can't you get someone else to go?
Det er på tide, at du studerer ordforråd!	It is about time you studied vocabulary!
Tror du, det hun sagde er løgn?	Do you think what she said is a lie?
Det tager tre dage at blive træt af skønhed, tre dage at vænne sig til et udyr.	It takes three days to tire of beauty, three days to get used to a beast.
Omfanget af Samis viden om afroamerikanere var meget begrænset.	The scope of Sami's knowledge about African Americans was very limited.
Har du stadig brug for mig, eller kan jeg lægge mig til at sove?	Do you still need me, or can I go to sleep?
At prøve er noget virkelig smukt.	Trying is something really beautiful.
Tom forvandlede laden til et bed and breakfast.	Tom turned the barn into a bed and breakfast.
Jeg håber ikke du er bange for højder.	I hope you're not afraid of heights.
Du behøver ikke bekymre dig for meget.	You don't have to worry too much.
For at løse problemet med Palæstina ville det være nødvendigt for palæstinenserne at opgive den såkaldte Palæstinensiske Myndighed og forene sig omkring en fælles politisk front for at forsvare rettighederne for alle palæstinensere, inklusive de flygtninge og deres efterkommere, der ønsker at vende tilbage til Palæstina.	To solve the problem of Palestine it would be necessary for the Palestinians to abandon the so-called Palestinian Authority and unite around a common political front to defend the rights of all Palestinians, including the refugees and their descendants who want to return to Palestine.
Det ville også være nødvendigt for dem definitivt at opgive den såkaldte "tostatsløsning", som efter min mening er meget lig den racistiske løsning til Sydafrika, der bestod i at opdele Sydafrika i territorier for hvide mennesker og i territorier angiveligt "autonome" eller "uafhængige" for de oprindelige folk.	It would also be necessary for them to definitively abandon the so-called "two-state solution," which in my opinion is very similar to the racist solution to South Africa that consisted of dividing South Africa into territories for white people and into territories supposedly "autonomous" or "independent" for the native peoples.
Tom fortalte mig, at han kunne komme alle dage undtagen tirsdag.	Tom told me he could come on any day but Tuesday.
Hvad skal vi gøre, hvis Tom ikke kommer?	What'll we do if Tom doesn't come?
Jeg har ikke en hund nu, men jeg plejede at have en.	I don't have a dog now, but I used to have one.
Jeg gider egentlig ikke lære at gøre det.	I don't really want to learn how to do that.
Du behøver ikke tage den beslutning lige nu.	You don't have to make that decision right now.
Jeg sidder og venter her på Tom.	I'll sit and wait here for Tom.
Tom er administrerende direktør og grundlægger af ABC, Inc.	Tom is the CEO and founder of ABC, Inc.
Jeg beordrede Tom til at gøre det for mig.	I ordered Tom to do that for me.
Bruno er ærlig og seriøs over for kvinder.	Bruno is frank and earnest with women.
I Fresno er han Frank, og i Chicago er han Ernest.	In Fresno, he's Frank and in Chicago, he's Ernest.
Enhver, der holder op med at forbedre sig, er holdt op med at være god.	Anyone who stops improving has stopped being good.
Jeg bruger næsten aldrig Facebook.	I almost never use Facebook.
Hvilken vidunderlig dag det var i dag!	What a wonderful day it was today!
Min fødselsdagsfest var i gang.	My birthday party was on fleek.
Jeg har allerede drukket tre kopper kaffe.	I've already drunk three cups of coffee.
Kan du fortælle mig, hvornår toget går til Paris?	Could you tell me when the train leaves for Paris?
Nu er tiden ikke inde til at gøre det.	Now is not the time to do that.
Det vil aldrig ændre sig.	That will never change.
Hvem er din yndlingskomiker?	Who is your favorite comedian?
Selvom han ikke er sanger, har han en smuk stemme.	Although he is not a singer, he has beautiful voice.
Hengivenhed over for dine kære og godkendelse af vores sandfærdige håb er nøglerne til lykke.	Affection toward your loved ones and the endorsement of our truthful hopes are the keys to happiness.
Har nogen nogensinde friet til dig?	Has anyone ever proposed to you?
Har nogen nogensinde friet til dig?	Has anybody ever proposed to you?
Hver eneste af os fik tre hundrede dollars.	Every one of us were given three hundred dollars.
Jeg ville selv have gjort det, hvis jeg havde vidst hvordan.	I would have done that myself if I'd known how.
Du kan ikke værdsætte digtet, før du har læst det mange gange.	You can't appreciate the poem until you have read it many times.
Min far kan ikke løfte den op.	My father can't lift it up.
Gør aktivitetsomfanget globalt.	Make the scope of activity global.
Du er ikke brasiliansk, vel?	You aren't Brazilian, are you?
Behøver vi at komme her i morgen aften?	Do we need to come here tomorrow night?
Tom snuser meget i dag.	Tom is sniffing a lot today.
Han er formentlig blevet forkølet.	He has probably caught a cold.
Adams sønner er lemmer af én krop, ja, for de er skabt af det samme ler.	Adam's sons are limbs of one body, yea, for they're created from the same clay.
Godmorgen, prinsesse.	Good morning, princess.
De er tre gamle mænd.	They are three old men.
Hvis du kan komme, så kom bare.	If you can come, just come.
For nylig er Thailand meget varmt.	Recently, Thailand is very hot.
Han accepterer ikke at blive rettet af en yngre.	He doesn't accept to be corrected by someone younger.
Han gik på en bar for at drikke nogle øl.	He went to a bar to drink some beers.
Vi skal have hænderne fulde.	We're going to have our hands full.
Du ville aldrig prøve at gøre det selv, vel?	You'd never try to do that by yourself, would you?
Vi troede ikke, at det ville ske.	We didn't think that that was going to happen.
Jeg skal til Australien.	I need to get to Australia.
Jeg troede, at Tom var faret vild.	I thought that Tom had gotten lost.
Jeg troede, jeg havde mistet mine nøgler.	I thought I had lost my keys.
Jeg troede, at det ville gøre det nemmere.	I thought that that would make it easier.
Jeg er ked af, at jeg ikke har skrevet til dig i så lang tid.	I'm sorry I haven't written to you for such a long time.
Jeg er ked af det har taget mig så lang tid at skrive til dig.	I'm sorry it has taken me so long to write to you.
Vi beklager meget, at din ordre blev beskadiget.	We're very sorry your order was damaged.
Jeg er ked af, at jeg er forsinket, men jeg havde mange ting, der skulle gøres.	I'm sorry that I'm late, but I had a lot of things that needed to be done.
Sami var betænkelig ved at gøre det.	Sami was apprehensive about doing so.
Det er åbenlyst, at det er løgn.	It is obvious that is a lie.
De siger, at lægemidlet ikke er sikkert.	They say that drug is not safe.
Det er ikke det, vi gør.	That isn't what we do.
Det er ikke nemt, men det kan lade sig gøre.	It isn't easy, but it's doable.
Vi var bange for, at vi kunne skade ham.	We were afraid we might hurt him.
Jeg håber, at jeg får en chance for at se dig næste gang, jeg er i New York.	I hope that I will have a chance to see you next time I'm in New York.
Hvorfor er du først kommet nu?	Why have you come only now?
De skriver og synger deres egne sange.	They write and sing their own songs.
De sagde, at de nu fortryder at gøre det.	They said that they now regret doing that.
De sagde, at de nu fortryder at gøre det.	They said they now regret doing that.
Tom og Mary forsøgte at kontrollere deres temperament.	Tom and Mary tried to control their tempers.
De forsøgte at kontrollere deres temperament.	They tried to control their tempers.
Det er ikke af desperation.	It’s not out of desperation.
Det er accept af hvad der skal være.	It’s acceptance of whatever shall be.
Vi ankommer inden for en time.	We will arrive within an hour.
John har for vane at holde sig vågen til langt ud på natten.	John has the habit of staying awake until late at night.
Hvornår ankommer de til Narita lufthavn?	When do they arrive in Narita airport?
Tom gik hen til hvor Mary sad og gav hende den konvolut, som John havde givet ham at give hende.	Tom went over to where Mary was sitting and gave her the envelope that John had given him to give her.
Tom gik hen til hvor Mary sad og gav hende den konvolut, John havde givet ham at give hende.	Tom went over to where Mary was sitting and gave her the envelope John had given him to give her.
Jeg spekulerer på, om Tom ved, hvad Marys telefonnummer er.	I wonder whether or not Tom knows what Mary's phone number is.
Tom så ikke ud til at vide, at det han lavede var ulovligt.	Tom didn't seem to know that what he was doing was illegal.
Tom er den eneste, der ved, hvad Marys telefonnummer er.	Tom is the only one who knows what Mary's phone number is.
Jeg spekulerer på, om Tom ved, hvad Marys telefonnummer er.	I wonder whether Tom knows what Mary's phone number is.
Tom så ikke ud til at vide, at det han lavede var ulovligt.	Tom didn't seem to know what he was doing was illegal.
Du ved godt, at de ikke vil tillade dig at synge, ikke?	You know that they won't allow you to sing, don't you?
Du ved godt, at de ikke vil tillade dig at synge, gør du ikke?	You know they won't allow you to sing, don't you?
Du vidste, at Tom var en ungkarl, ikke?	You knew that Tom was a bachelor, didn't you?
Tom er overbevist om, at han skal gøre det.	Tom is convinced that he should do that.
Du ved godt, at Tom lyver, ikke?	You do know that Tom is lying, don't you?
Du vidste, at Tom var en ungkarl, ikke?	You knew Tom was a bachelor, didn't you?
Jeg er overbevist om, at jeg skal gøre det.	I'm convinced that I should do that.
Tom er overbevist om, at han burde gøre det.	Tom is convinced he should do that.
Jeg er overbevist om, at jeg burde gøre det.	I'm convinced I should do that.
Tom vil ikke have, at Mary skal køre ham hjem.	Tom doesn't want Mary to drive him home.
Vil du bede Tom om at gå, eller skal jeg det?	Are you going tell Tom to leave or do I have to?
Der var ingen i rummet undtagen Tom.	There was no one in the room except Tom.
Tom forsøger at reparere et gammelt ur, som hans bedstefar gav ham.	Tom is trying to repair an old clock that his grandfather gave him.
Hverken Tom eller Mary har gjort mange rigtig dumme ting.	Neither Tom nor Mary has done a lot of really stupid things.
Tom forsøger at reparere et gammelt ur, som hans bedstefar gav ham.	Tom is trying to repair an old clock his grandfather gave him.
Tom har rettet alle fejl.	Tom has corrected the all mistakes.
Nu er rapporten perfekt.	Now the report is perfect.
Hverken Tom eller Mary har nogen chance for at vinde.	Neither Tom nor Mary has any chance of winning.
Tom var frivillig brandmand, da han var yngre.	Tom was a volunteer firefighter when he was younger.
Tom havde det åbenbart ikke særlig godt.	Tom was obviously not having a very good time.
Tom svømmede meget, da han var yngre.	Tom used to swim a lot when he was younger.
Tom startede dagen med en stærk kop kaffe.	Tom started the day with a strong cup of coffee.
Hverken Tom eller Mary har nogen steder at tage hen.	Neither Tom nor Mary has got anywhere to go.
Tom rydder ikke altid op efter sin hund.	Tom doesn't always clean up after his dog.
Tom oversatte ikke dokumentet korrekt.	Tom didn't translate the document correctly.
Tom oversatte ikke kontrakten korrekt.	Tom didn't translate the contract correctly.
Tom var ikke sit normale jeg i dag.	Tom wasn't his normal self today.
Jeg gaber altid, når jeg er søvnig.	I always yawn when I'm sleepy.
Engelsk grammatik er germansk, men dets ordforråd er for det meste latinsk.	The grammar of English is Germanic, but its vocabulary is mostly Latinate.
Algeriets flag har tre farver: grøn, hvid og rød.	Algeria's flag has three colors: green, white and red.
Jeg skal lære tysk.	I have to learn German.
Jeg er berber, og jeg taler berber.	I am Berber and I speak Berber.
Jeg ser tv hver dag.	I watch TV every day.
Du er i fare.	You are in danger.
Han beordrede alle dokumenter fremlagt.	He ordered all the documents to be presented.
Engelsk udtales ofte ikke på en fonologisk måde.	English is often not pronounced in a phonological way.
Efter målet var scoret, vendte publikum sig mod det gigantiske tv for at se action-gentagelsen.	After the goal was scored, the crowd turned to the giant TV to watch the action replay.
Stoplængden for en gennemsnitlig bil, der kører 80 km/t, er 53m.	The stopping distance for an average car travelling 80km/h is 53m.
Min ven blev ved med at skubbe mig til at fortælle mig noget.	My friend kept nudging me to tell me something.
Den meget ventede nye teaterproduktion blev desværre lidt af en fugtig squib til sidst.	The much anticipated new theatre production was unfortunately a bit of a damp squib in the end.
Jeg tilbagekalder min tilladelse til at spille på min iPad, Tom.	I am revoking my permission to play on my iPad, Tom.
Ætserne skåret ind i det gamle træbord var fra hundredvis af elever, der havde siddet ved det i klasser gennem årene.	The etches carved into the old wooden table were from hundreds of students who had sat at it in classes over the years.
Vores produktionsanlæg bruger præcisionsinstrumenter til at fremstille de bedste kvalitetsprodukter.	Our manufacturing plant uses precision instruments to make the best quality products.
Når den blev klemt, udskilte Toms plet pus.	When squeezed, Tom's spot secreted pus.
Hvis vi ikke omstrukturerer vores forretning, går vi under.	If we don't restructure our business, we're going to go under.
Tom trak Marys hår så hårdt, at det kom ud komplet med follikler.	Tom pulled Mary's hair so hard that it came out complete with follicles.
Skyerne blev tykkere, og det begyndte at falde ud.	The clouds thickened and it started to precipitate.
Sekretet fra Toms sår var en frygtelig grøn farve.	The secretion from Tom's wound was a horrible green color.
Tom ønskede at slutte sig til et broderskab på universitetet, men var bange for indvielsesceremonien.	Tom wanted to join a fraternity at university, but was scared of the initiation ceremony.
Efter at fangerne var flygtet, gik politiet i gang med at tilbagefange dem.	After the prisoners escaped, the police set about recapturing them.
Vi tabte denne cricketkamp på grund af et par skødesløse fumlen med bolden.	We lost this cricket match because of a few careless fumbles of the ball.
Hvis jeg får en mulighed, vil jeg altid komme nogen til hjælp, der har brug for det.	If I get an opportunity, I will always come to the aid of somebody who needs it.
Jeg er forelsket i at tale berberisk.	I'm in love with speaking Berber.
Smid den ud.	Throw it out.
En din er mere værd end to du vil have.	One yours is worth more than two you will have.
Skriv venligst din bopælsadresse og hjemmenummer.	Please write down your residential address and home number.
I min sjæl er der mange steder, der er kyniske og arrogante, men i sin kerne frygter den mørket og er svag som et får.	In my soul there are many places that are cynical and arrogant, but at its core, it fears the darkness and is as weak as a sheep.
Jeg vil gerne have en retssag ved kamp.	I would like a trial by combat.
Hvad er din favorit street food?	What is your favourite street food?
Hvis det ene er sandt, så må det andet være falsk.	If one is true, then the other must be false.
Forfatteren af ​​esperanto manglede et klart begreb om den endeløse kamp, ​​der eksisterede, mere eller mindre til tider akut, mellem sociale klasser.	The author of Esperanto lacked a clear concept of the endless struggle existing, more or less acutely at times, between social classes.
Han så ikke, at årsagerne til krigen lå i selve de principper, som menneskelige relationer var baseret på.	He didn't see that the causes of war lay in the principles themselves on which human relations were based.
Men hans mål lignede i det væsentlige vores.	However, his goal was essentially similar to ours.
Han ønskede at forene menneskeheden i "én stor familiegruppe."	He wished to unite humanity into "one great family group."
Atmosfærens og havets indvirkning på miljøet er meget vigtig.	The effects of the atmosphere and ocean on the environment are very important.
Khadija er kuwaitisk statsborger.	Khadija is a Kuwaiti citizen.
Hver alder har sine pligter.	Each age has its duties.
Af enhver grund er det bedst.	For every reason that is best.
Overvej altid før du taler.	Always consider before you speak.
Af alle mine venner er han den bedste.	Of all my friends, he is the best.
Hvilket sprog er det!	What a language it is!
Hvornår skal vi til London?	When shall we go to London?
Hvad ville han vise dig?	What did he wish to show you?
Hvem taler esperanto?	Who speaks Esperanto?
Hvilke dage er ugen?	Which are the days of the week?
Ingen steder forstod de mig.	Nowhere did they understand me.
Han har intet overhovedet.	He has nothing at all.
Goddag, sir.	Good day, sir.
Godt, sir, tak.	Very well, sir, thank you.
Jeg glæder mig over at se dig ved godt helbred.	I rejoice to see you in good health.
Vi får en smuk dag.	We shall have a beautiful day.
Hvem banker på?	Who knocks?
Hvem er der?	Who is there?
Det er I. Åben.	It is I. Open.
Du har ret.	You are right.
Han tager fejl.	He is wrong.
Separatisterne var aldrig en del af "Arouch"-bevægelsen, der forenede hele Kabylie under Black Spring-begivenhederne, der rystede regionen i 2001-2002.	The separatists were never a part of the "Arouch" movement that united all of Kabylie during the Black Spring events that shook the region in 2001-2002.
Separatistgruppen er et farligt element af subversion, der spreder budskaber om had og fortvivlelse blandt algeriere i almindelighed og kabylere i særdeleshed.	The separatist group is a dangerous element of subversion that's spreading messages of hatred and despair among Algerians in general and Kabyles in particular.
Mere end 56 år er gået siden Algeriet blev selvstændigt.	More than 56 years have passed since Algeria gained independence.
I Algeriet kom Bouteflika til magten i 1999.	In Algeria, Bouteflika came to power in 1999.
Dater I to stadig?	Are you two still dating?
Tom bliver ikke ældre.	Tom doesn't age.
Tom bliver ikke ældre.	Tom doesn't age.
Han stiger bare i niveau.	He just levels up.
Han lagde kroketten i frituregryden.	He put the croquette in the deep fryer.
Det er svært at glemme sin første kærlighed.	It's hard to forget one's first love.
Vi skal undgå krig for enhver pris.	We have to avoid war at any price.
Tom har stjålet alle pengene fra sine forældre.	Tom has stolen all the money from his parents.
Tom fandt den bog, han havde ledt efter længe.	Tom found the book he'd been looking for for a long time.
Jeg mødte hende i Paris.	I met her in Paris.
Jeg har aldrig set et lyserødt køleskab.	I have never seen a pink fridge.
Tom var drivvåd fra top til tå.	Tom was drenched from head to toe.
Jeg vil have, at du bliver i Boston.	I want you to stay in Boston.
Lad os gå op til huset.	Let's go up to the house.
Tom kender kun navnene på sine fem nærmeste naboer.	Tom only knows the names of his five closest neighbors.
Min chef er sur på mig.	My boss is mad at me.
Boris Johnsons tyrkiske oldefar, der var stærkt imod den tyrkiske uafhængighedskrig, blev lynchet som forræder.	Boris Johnson's Turkish great-grandfather, who strongly opposed the Turkish War of Independence, was lynched as a traitor.
Alis bedstefar var armenier.	Ali's grandfather was an Armenian.
I 1946, efter Anden Verdenskrig, tilbød præsident Harry Truman 100 millioner dollars for at købe Grønland for dets geopolitiske strategiske betydning, som Danmark takkede nej til.	In 1946, after World War II, President Harry Truman offered $100 million to buy Greenland for its geopolitical strategic importance, which Denmark declined.
Halleluja!	Hallelujah!
I Algeriet beder ministre og præsidenter om regn i varmt vejr.	In Algeria, ministers and presidents pray for rain in hot weather.
Han spurgte mig, hvorfor jeg var så ked af det.	He asked me why I was so upset.
Han sagde, at han skulle flytte til Ungarn.	He said he was moving to Hungary.
Han fortalte mig, at han skulle flytte til Ungarn.	He told me he was moving to Hungary.
Skulle du ikke ringe hjem?	Shouldn't you phone home?
Dine forældre vil undre sig over, hvor du er.	Your parents will be wondering where you are.
Jeg er oprigtigt ked af det, jeg sagde.	I'm genuinely sorry for what I said.
Jeg er i tvivl om, hvordan jeg kan hjælpe dig.	I'm at a loss to know how I can help you.
Fritiden er en præmie for arbejdende forældre.	Free time is at a premium for working parents.
Begge mine sønner er vilde med fodbold.	Both my sons are crazy about football.
Jeg er ved at dø efter noget at spise.	I'm dying for something to eat.
Vejrudsigten siger, at vi får kraftig regn i aften.	The weather forecast says we're in for heavy rain this evening.
Jeg er ikke rigtig i humør til at shoppe.	I'm not really in the mood for shopping.
Vi er stadig i gang med at indrette huset.	We're still in the process of decorating the house.
Jeg er fortabt uden min computer.	I'm lost without my computer.
Du skal altid være på vagt over for lommetyve.	You always have to be on your guard against pickpockets.
Stå derovre, og du vil være i stand til at se det bedre.	Stand over there and you'll be able to see it better.
Tamazight er mit sprog.	Tamazight is my language.
Jeg har et marsvin.	I have a guinea pig.
Jeg tog lidt på i vægt igen.	I gained some weight back.
Han vil blive en god terapeut.	He will become a good therapist.
Hvilken musikgenre kan du bedst lide?	What genre of music do you like the most?
Jeg aner ikke hvor hun kan være.	I have no idea where she can be.
Jeg aner ikke hvor han kan være.	I have no idea where he can be.
Ingen kender mig som min bror gør.	No one knows me like my brother does.
Det får mig til at smile, hver gang jeg ser dette billede.	It makes me smile every time I see this picture.
Hvorfor falder bladene af træerne om efteråret?	Why do the leaves fall off the trees in autumn?
Min nye kollega er en robot.	My new colleague is a robot.
Kina er det mest folkerige land i verden.	China is the most populous country in the world.
Den tyske by Nördlingen blev bygget i et meteorkrater.	The German town of Nördlingen was built in a meteor crater.
Har du spist min sandwich?	Did you eat my sandwich?
Vi kan ikke træffe en beslutning endnu.	We can't make a decision yet.
Menneskelig religion er mere åben end den guddommelige religion.	Human religion is more open than the divine religion.
Skriv det til mig i en sætning.	Write it for me in a sentence.
Jeg finder det ikke sjovt.	I don't find this funny.
Jeg finder det overhovedet ikke sjovt.	I don't find this funny at all.
Min far er ældre end din.	My dad is older than yours.
Du skal sove.	You must sleep.
Det er en meget skarp kniv!	That is a very sharp knife!
Han er en god advokat.	He's a good lawyer.
Koranen blev åbenbaret for Muhammed af ærkeenglen Gabriel.	The Qur'an was revealed to Mohammed by the archangel Gabriel.
Du tilbød mig harmoni, hvis tingene blev gjort på din måde.	You offered me harmony, if things were done your way.
Shahadaen siger verbalt, at der ikke er nogen gud, der er værdig til at tilbedes, undtagen Allah og Muhammed, fred være med ham, er hans sendebud.	The shahada is saying verbally that there is no god worthy of worship except Allah and Muhammad, peace be upon him, is his messenger.
"Din telefon ringer."	"Your phone is ringing."
"Jeg kører, og jeg kan ikke få min telefon ud af bukserne."	"I'm driving and I can't get my phone out of my pants."
Hans hoved ligner en angribende væsel.	His head resembles that of an attacking weasel.
Vores moské har ingen trapper.	Our mosque doesn't have stairs.
Hvordan fik han at vide om sin søns død?	How did he learn of his son's death?
Hvordan fik han at vide om sin datters død?	How did he learn of his daughter's death?
Hvordan fik han at vide om sin fars død?	How did he learn of his father's death?
Hvordan fik han at vide om sin mors død?	How did he learn of his mother's death?
Hvordan fik han at vide om sine forældres død?	How did he learn of his parents' death?
Hvordan fik han at vide om sin brors død?	How did he learn of his brother's death?
Hvordan fik han at vide om sin søsters død?	How did he learn of his sister's death?
Hvordan fik han at vide om sin fætters død?	How did he learn of his cousin's death?
Hvordan fik han at vide om sin onkels død?	How did he learn of his uncle's death?
Hvordan fik han at vide om sin mosters død?	How did he learn of his aunt's death?
Hvordan fik han at vide om sin bedstefars død?	How did he learn of his grandfather's death?
Hvordan fik han at vide om sin bedstemors død?	How did he learn of his grandmother's death?
Hvordan fik han at vide om sin fars død?	How did he learn of his dad's death?
Hvordan fik han at vide om sin mors død?	How did he learn of his mom's death?
Hvordan fik han at vide om sin chefs død?	How did he learn of his boss's death?
Hvordan fik han at vide om sin svogers død?	How did he learn of his brother-in-law's death?
Hvordan fik han at vide om sin svigerindes død?	How did he learn of his sister-in-law's death?
Hvordan fik han at vide om sin svigerfars død?	How did he learn of his father-in-law's death?
Hvordan fik han at vide om sin svigermors død?	How did he learn of his mother-in-law's death?
Grænsepolitiet anholdt brutalt Tom, som forsøgte at komme ind i landet ulovligt.	The border police brutally arrested Tom, who tried to enter the country illegally.
Så vi skilles, jeg til mit land og du forbliver.	So we part, I to my country and you to remain.
Vi er – hvis en mand på fyrre kan gøre krav på det privilegium – medlemmer af verdens største yngre generation.	We are – if a man of forty can claim that privilege – fellow members of the world's largest younger generation.
Hver af os har vores eget arbejde at udføre.	Each of us have our own work to do.
Jeg ved, at du til tider må føle dig meget alene med dine problemer og vanskeligheder.	I know at times you must feel very alone with your problems and difficulties.
Men jeg vil sige, hvor imponeret jeg er over det, du står for, og den indsats, du yder; og jeg siger dette ikke kun for mig selv, men for mænd og kvinder overalt.	But I want to say how impressed I am with what you stand for and the effort you are making; and I say this not just for myself, but for men and women everywhere.
Og jeg håber, at du ofte vil tage hjerte fra viden om, at du er forenet med andre unge mennesker i alle lande, de kæmper med deres problemer og du med dine, men alle forenes i et fælles formål; at I, ligesom de unge i mit eget land og i hvert land, jeg har besøgt, alle på mange måder er tættere forenet med jeres tids brødre end med de ældre generationer af nogen af ​​disse nationer; og at du er fast besluttet på at bygge en bedre fremtid.	And I hope you will often take heart from the knowledge that you are joined with fellow young people in every land, they struggling with their problems and you with yours, but all joined in a common purpose; that, like the young people of my own country and of every country I have visited, you are all in many ways more closely united to the brothers of your time than to the older generations of any of these nations; and that you are determined to build a better future.
Et godt spørgsmål er halvdelen af ​​viden.	A good question is the half of knowledge.
Tom prøvede at lære at spille et instrument.	Tom tried to learn to play an instrument.
Ande-kanin-illusionen dukkede første gang op i Flying Leaves i 1892.	The duck-rabbit illusion first appeared in the Fliegenden Blätter in 1892.
Tom siger, at han sjældent har mere end tre hundrede dollars på sig.	Tom says that he seldom has more than three hundred dollars on him.
Tom siger, at han sjældent har mere end tre hundrede dollars på sig.	Tom says he seldom has more than three hundred dollars on him.
Tom siger, at han næsten aldrig har mere end tre hundrede dollars på sig.	Tom says that he almost never has more than three hundred dollars on him.
Tom siger, at han næsten aldrig har mere end tre hundrede dollars på sig.	Tom says he almost never has more than three hundred dollars on him.
Hvad tror du, du vil gøre næste gang?	What do you think that you'll do next?
Kender du svaret på dette spørgsmål?	Do you know the answer to this question?
Alt gik godt, som jeg havde forventet.	Everything went well, as I expected.
Jeg venter stadig på, at han kommer hjem.	I'm still waiting for him to come home.
Jeg venter stadig på, at han kommer tilbage.	I'm still waiting for him to come back.
Hvad er dit mobilnummer?	What's your mobile number?
Hvad er dit mobilnummer?	What is your mobile number?
Hvad er virksomhedens hjælpelinjenummer?	What's the helpline number of the company?
Hvem skal betale os for disse tab?	Who'll pay us for those losses?
Det er vi imod.	We are against that.
Jeg har haft problemer med min e-mail på det seneste.	I've been having problems with my email as of late.
Sig ikke noget.	Don't say a thing.
Jeg ved, hvad du vil have.	I know what you want.
Vil du konkurrere med Tom?	Will you be competing with Tom?
Tom slog sig ikke rundt.	Tom didn't beat around the bush.
Handl hurtigt så længe lager haves!	Act fast while supplies last!
Du har stærke ben, ikke?	You have strong legs, don't you?
Hvorfor er denne boykot nødvendig?	Why is this boycott necessary?
Jeg ved, at jeg ikke skal lade det genere mig.	I know that I shouldn't let that bother me.
Jeg ved, at jeg ikke skal lade det genere mig.	I know I shouldn't let that bother me.
Tom har opført sig bedst.	Tom has been on his best behavior.
Vi har tre dykkere, der nu leder efter en pistol, som vi mener, at den mistænkte smed fra broen.	We have three divers now searching for a gun that we believe that the suspect threw off the bridge.
Jeg forstår ikke, hvordan han tænker.	I don't understand the way he thinks.
Tom tog sit tøj af og tog sin pyjamas på.	Tom took his clothes off and put on his pajamas.
Tom var klar over alles fjendtlige følelser over for ham.	Tom was aware of everyone's hostile feelings towards him.
Tom var opmærksom på alle fjendtlige følelser over for ham.	Tom was aware of everybody hostile feelings towards him.
Tom kunne ikke lide sin fransklærer i gymnasiet.	Tom didn't like his French teacher in high school.
Han ville ikke turde lyve for mig.	He wouldn't dare lie to me.
Tom gik hjem gennem skoven.	Tom went home through the woods.
Jeg tror, ​​det er alt for i dag.	I think that that'll be all for today.
Tom er en af ​​Marys tre børn.	Tom is one of Mary's three kids.
Tom er et af Marys tre børn.	Tom is one of Mary's three children.
Tom er alene i rummet.	Tom is in the room alone.
Tom er på den samme bus, som jeg er på.	Tom is on the same bus that I'm on.
Tom virkede rigtig sød i telefonen.	Tom seemed really nice on the phone.
Tom ventede ikke ret længe.	Tom wasn't kept waiting very long.
Jeg taler meget med ham.	I talk to him a lot.
Jeg taler meget med hende.	I talk to her a lot.
Tom er nok den eneste, der kan gøre det.	Tom is probably the only one who can do that.
Tom burde kunne gøre alt, hvad han burde gøre.	Tom should be able to do everything he should do.
Tom er overbevist om, at han gør det rigtige.	Tom is convinced he's doing the right thing.
Tom er overbevist om, at han gør det rigtige.	Tom is convinced that he's doing the right thing.
Tom lavede syltetøj af de jordbær, Mary gav ham.	Tom made jam from the strawberries that Mary gave him.
Tom lavede marmelade af de jordbær, Mary gav ham.	Tom made jam from the strawberries Mary gave him.
Tom var ikke den, der dræbte Marys kat.	Tom wasn't the one that killed Mary's cat.
Kan du hjælpe mig ved at give mig en dollar?	Can you help me out by giving me a dollar?
Kan du give mig en dollar for at hjælpe mig?	Can you give me a dollar to help me out?
Hvad lavede du sidst du var her?	What did you do the last time you were here?
Kan du lide det, du laver?	Do you like what you do?
Din familie har fået at vide, at du er her.	Your family has been told that you're here.
Jeg plejede at være slagter.	I used to be a butcher.
Tom driver en bar i Boston.	Tom manages a bar in Boston.
Hvorfor bliver du ikke i Boston i endnu en uge eller deromkring?	Why don't you stay in Boston for another week or so?
Hvad kunne du vide, at jeg ikke gør?	What could you know that I don't?
Et snefnug landede på Marys næse.	A snowflake landed on Mary's nose.
Der er endnu et æble nær din fod.	There's another apple near your foot.
Jeg kan mærke du forsvinder.	I can feel you fade away.
Præsidenten sendte uventet sit afskedsbrev.	The president unexpectedly submitted his resignation letter.
Toms øjne var fyldt med tårer.	Tom's eyes were filled with tears.
Tom steg hurtigt ud af bussen.	Tom quickly got off the bus.
Chaufføren standsede og åbnede døren, men ingen steg af eller på bussen.	The driver stopped and opened the door, but nobody got on or off the bus.
Chaufføren standsede og åbnede døren, men ingen steg af eller på bussen.	The driver stopped and opened the door, but no one got on or off the bus.
Jeg aner ikke, hvor dyrt det her kommer til at blive, men jeg ved, at det kommer til at koste os meget.	I have no idea how expensive this is going to be, but I know it's going to cost us a lot.
Hvis hunde kunne tale, hvad tror du så de ville fortælle os?	If dogs could talk, what do you think they'd tell us?
Toms hund står stadig på verandaen og venter på ham.	Tom's dog is still on the porch waiting for him.
Der er en hund i din swimmingpool.	There is a dog in your swimming pool.
Tom bad børnene holde sig væk fra sin hund.	Tom told the children to stay away from his dog.
Han har astma.	He has asthma.
Det er et myggestik.	It's a mosquito bite.
Tom har været lærer, siden han var atten år gammel.	Tom has been a teacher since he was eighteen years old.
Jeg spurgte om det igen.	I asked about it again.
Jeg var den allerførste til at gøre det.	I was the very first one to do that.
Lidt over 30 % af de mennesker, der var der, var kvinder.	Just over 30% of the people that were there were women.
Hvorfor er dine fingeraftryk på dette glas?	Why are your fingerprints on this glass?
Hun har noget hun skal diskutere med ham.	She has something she needs to discuss with him.
Hvad så du, Nancy?	What did you see, Nancy?
Uanset hvor langt du kan flyve, vil jeg aldrig glemme, hvor du kom fra.	No matter how far you may fly, I will never forget where you came from.
Vi ved ikke, hvem damen er.	We don't know who the lady is.
Kan du bage mig en kage til min fødselsdag?	Can you bake me a cake for my birthday?
Hun er ikke hans datter, men hans niece.	She isn't his daughter, but his niece.
Han vaskede sine håndklæder i varmt vand.	He washed his towels in hot water.
Han troede, hun var i sit soveværelse.	He thought she was in her bedroom.
Lad jeg dig vente?	Did I keep you waiting?
Er der plads nok til os?	Is there enough room for us?
Jeg begravede ham.	I buried him.
Jeg begravede hende.	I buried her.
Jeg er religiøs.	I'm religious.
De tog alle fejl.	They all were wrong.
Havets bølger slår mod klipperne på kysten.	The sea's waves crash against the rocks on the shore.
Han laver ikke sine lektier alene.	He doesn't do his homework by himself.
Hun kan godt brødføde sig selv, ikke?	She can feed herself, can't she?
Hun sagde, at hun selv var alkoholiker.	She said that she herself was an alcoholic.
Vær tålmodig og hold hagen oppe.	Be patient and keep your chin up.
Nogle ting tager bare tid.	Some things just take time.
Vi vil hjælpe så meget vi kan.	We will help as much as we can.
Vi var sammen i lang tid, men så måtte hver sin vej.	We were together for a long time, but then each one had to follow their own path.
Alle beundrer hende.	Everyone admires her.
Magnoliaerne blomstrede.	The magnolias bloomed.
Jeg skændtes med min søster.	I argued with my sister.
Giraffen siver kemikalier fra sin hud for at holde insekter væk.	The giraffe oozes chemicals from its skin to keep insects away.
Vær selektiv i dine kampe.	Be selective in your battles.
Nogle gange er fred bedre end at have ret.	Sometimes peace is better than being right.
Dette er ikke bestikkelse.	This is not a bribe.
Selv en hangiraf kan ikke klare ti løver.	Even a male giraffe cannot handle ten lions.
Jeg ønsker ikke, at mit land bliver medlem af EU.	I don't want my country to become a member of the European Union.
Tom sidder ved bordet ved vinduet.	Tom sits at the table near the window.
"Er min oversættelse OK?"	"Is my translation OK?"
"Du kunne ikke have oversat det bedre."	"You couldn't have translated it any better."
Tom og Mary stoler ikke længere på hinanden.	Tom and Mary don't trust each other anymore.
Overdrivelse er en milliard gange værre end underdrivelse.	Exaggeration is a billion times worse than understatement.
Jeg vidste, at jeg havde set dig et sted før.	I knew I'd seen you somewhere before.
Det skulle nok ske engang.	It was bound to happen sometime.
Denne gladiolus er flerårig: den blomstrer hvert år uden at kræve nogen særlig opmærksomhed.	This gladiolus is perennial: it flowers every year without needing any special attention.
Jeg drikker øl.	I'm drinking beer.
Tingene var ikke så slemt, som jeg havde forventet.	Things weren't as bad as I expected them to be.
De flyttede på landet.	They moved to the countryside.
Velsignet er du, den evige, vor Gud, universets konge, som har udvalgt os blandt alle nationerne og givet os sin Torah.	Blessed are You, the Eternal, our God, King of the Universe, who has chosen us from all the nations and given us His Torah.
Velsignet er du, den evige, giver af Toraen.	Blessed are You, the Eternal, giver of the Torah.
"Namaste", en kombination af to sanskritord, oversættes til "bøje sig for dig".	"Namaste," a combination of two Sanskrit words, translates into "bowing to you".
Europa har erstattet Kina som epicenter for pandemien.	Europe has replaced China as the epicenter of the pandemic.
Israels statsadvokat godkendte at bruge cyberforanstaltninger til at spore coronavirus-patienters telefoner.	Israel’s Attorney General approved using cyber-measures to track coronavirus patients’ phones.
Israelske medier sagde, at det primært ville blive brugt til at informere israelere, der kunne have været i nærheden af ​​en patient, og for at sikre, at patienter i karantæne bliver hjemme.	Israeli media said it would primarily be used to inform Israelis who might have been in the vicinity of a patient, and to ensure that patients under quarantine are staying at home.
Israels premierminister Benjamin Netanyahu annoncerede en række skarpe restriktioner for israelere for at bekæmpe spredningen af ​​COVID-19.	Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu announced a series of sharp restrictions on Israelis to combat the spread of COVID-19.
Foranstaltningerne omfatter en næsten total lukning af landet med undtagelse af apoteker og supermarkeder og et forbud mod forsamlinger på mere end ti personer.	The measures include an almost-total shutdown of the country except for pharmacies and supermarkets and a ban on gatherings of more than ten people.
Han sagde også, at han ønsker at bruge cyber-foranstaltninger til at spore placeringen af ​​de inficerede.	He also said he wants to use cyber-measures to track the locations of those infected.
Der var lange køer i supermarkederne.	There were long lines at supermarkets.
De fleste israelere blev beordret til at arbejde hjemme eller have orlov.	Most Israelis were ordered to work at home, or put on furlough.
Den israelske regering annoncerede en måned lang henstandsperiode for at betale skat.	The Israeli government announced a month-long grace period for paying taxes.
Den israelske regering sagde, at de midlertidigt arbejdsløse, inklusive tusindvis af rejseledere, kan søge om arbejdsløshed.	The Israeli government said that those temporarily unemployed, including thousands of tour guides, can apply for unemployment.
Intet er vigtigere end vores borgeres sikkerhed, sundhed og sikkerhed.	Nothing is more important than the safety, health and security of our citizens.
Toms telefon begyndte at vibrere.	Tom's phone started vibrating.
I de næsten 100 år, The New Yorker magazine har eksisteret, har det udgivet tusindvis af tegnefilm.	In the almost 100 years The New Yorker magazine has existed, it's published thousands of cartoons.
Alligevel har der aldrig i sin historie været udgivet en sort kvindelig tegneserietegner for magasinet - det vil sige, indtil Liz Montague kom om bord.	Yet never in its history had a black female cartoonist published for the magazine – that is, until Liz Montague came on board.
Det normale liv i USA gik i stå med obligatoriske lukninger af virksomheder, der begyndte i mange stater.	Normal life in the United States came to a halt with mandated closures of businesses beginning in many states.
Aktiekurserne på Wall Street faldt mandag.	Stock prices on Wall Street plunged Monday.
S&P 500-indekset faldt 8 procent i åbningssekunderne, hvilket førte til et automatisk 15-minutters stop for aktiehandelen.	The S&P 500 index fell 8 percent in the opening seconds, prompting an automatic 15-minute halt to stock trading.
Da handelen genoptog, fortsatte aktiekurserne med at dykke.	When trading resumed, stocks prices continued to dive.
Dow Jones Industrial Average faldt 3.000 point med aktier, der mistede 13 % af deres værdi fra, hvad der allerede har været lave priser.	The Dow Jones Industrial Average dropped 3,000 points with stocks losing 13% of their value off what have been already low prices.
Fed er USA's centralbank.	The Fed is America's central bank.
Fed foretog en nødsænkning af renten og bragte dem til tæt på nul.	The Fed made an emergency cut to interest rates, bringing them to near zero.
Tomme hylder ses i en købmand i Willow Grove, Pennsylvania, den 16. marts 2020, da shoppere har købt ekstra mængder af produkterne op siden udbruddet af coronavirus.	Empty shelves are seen at a grocery store in Willow Grove, Pennsylvania, March 16, 2020, as shoppers have been buying up extra quantities of the products since the outbreak of the coronavirus.
Præsidenten sagde: "Vi mangler ikke andet end, at folk køber alt fra tre til fem gange, hvad de normalt ville købe."	The president said, “We have no shortages other than people are buying anywhere from three to five times what they would normally buy.”
Præsidentens sundhedssekretær, Alex Azar, advarede om, at pandemien har potentialet til at overvælde det amerikanske sundhedssystems kapacitet.	The president's health secretary, Alex Azar, warned that the pandemic has the potential to overwhelm the capacity of the American health care system.
Guvernør Gavin Newsom beordrede lukning af alle barer og vingårde i Californien.	Governor Gavin Newsom ordered the closure of all bars and wineries in California.
Byen Sevilla er tvunget til at aflyse sine årlige hellige ugeoptog.	The city of Seville is being forced to cancel its annual holy week processions.
Byen Sevilla er tvunget til at aflyse sine årlige hellige ugeoptog, berømte tyrekampe og hestemesser til en pris på omkring 500 millioner dollars – et beløb, som nogle frygter kan slå den sydlige del af Andalusien konkurs.	The city of Seville is being forced to cancel its annual holy week processions, famous bull fights and horse fairs at a cost of about $500 million – a sum that some fear could bankrupt the southern region of Andalucia.
Adskillige amerikanske stater lukker spisesteder og barer, hvilket begrænser etablissementerne til udførelse eller levering, i et forsøg på at dæmme op for spredningen af ​​coronavirus.	Several U.S. states are closing dine-in restaurants and bars, limiting the establishments to carry-out or delivery service, in an effort to stem the spread of coronavirus.
Centers for Disease Control rapporterer, at virussen primært spredes fra person til person gennem dråber, der produceres, når en inficeret person hoster eller nyser.	The Centers for Disease Control reports the virus is spread primarily from person to person through droplets that are produced when an infected person coughs or sneezes.
Det er også muligt, at en person kan få coronavirus fra overflader eller genstande, der har virus på sig.	It is also possible that a person can get coronavirus from surfaces or objects that have the virus on it.
Det er vigtigt at have god hygiejne.	Practicing good hygiene is important.
Mens folk kan undgå restauranter, hvis de vælger det, bliver de fleste til sidst nødt til at gå til købmanden for at købe mad.	While people can avoid restaurants if they choose to, most will have to eventually go to the grocery store to buy food.
New Yorks guvernør advarede mandag om, at statens sundhedssystem kan blive overvældet i de kommende uger, efterhånden som tilfælde af coronavirus stiger.	New York’s governor warned Monday that the state’s health care system could be overwhelmed in the coming weeks as cases of the coronavirus rise.
"Jeg tror ikke på, at vi vil være i stand til at flade kurven nok ud til at opfylde sundhedssystemets kapacitet," sagde guvernør Andrew Cuomo til journalister i delstatens hovedstad, Albany.	“I don’t believe that we are going to be able to flatten the curve enough to meet the capacity of the health care system,” Governor Andrew Cuomo told reporters in the state capital, Albany.
Kurven refererer til at forsøge at begrænse og begrænse stigningen i tilfælde af COVID-19, sygdommen forårsaget af coronavirus.	The curve refers to trying to contain and limit the increase in cases of COVID-19, the disease caused by the coronavirus.
Vi skal flade kurven ud.	We need to flatten the curve.
"Vi har et simpelt budskab til alle lande: test, test, test.	"We have a simple message for all countries: test, test, test.
Test alle formodede COVID-19 tilfælde," sagde Dr. Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus, direktør for WHO, i en pressebriefing mandag.	Test every suspected COVID-19 case," Dr. Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus, director of the WHO, said in a press briefing Monday.
Vatikanet meddelte, at pave Frans vil holde gudstjenester i påsken uden offentlig deltagelse.	The Vatican announced Pope Francis will hold Easter week services without public attendance.
Den føderale regering ser på hurtigt at sende penge direkte til amerikanerne for at mildne det økonomiske slag fra coronavirus-pandemien.	The federal government is looking at quickly sending money directly to Americans to soften the economic blow from the coronavirus pandemic.
Vi ser på at sende checks til amerikanere med det samme.	We’re looking at sending checks to Americans immediately.
Og jeg mener nu, i de næste to uger.	And I mean now, in the next two weeks.
Trumps administration søger at få Kongressen til at godkende en tilførsel af så meget som 850 milliarder dollars til økonomien, herunder 250 milliarder dollars til lån til små virksomheder og 50 milliarder dollars til at redde landets flyselskaber, som en del af en nødstimuleringspakke.	Trump’s administration is seeking to get Congress to approve an infusion of as much as $850 billion into the economy, including $250 billion for small business loans, and $50 billion to bail out the country’s airlines, as part of an emergency stimulus package.
I mandags oplevede Dow Jones Industrial Average sin værste rute siden 1987's "Black Monday".	On Monday, the Dow Jones Industrial Average experienced its worst rout since 1987’s "Black Monday."
Præsidenten forudsagde, at når først coronavirus er væk, "vil aktiemarkederne dukke op igen, som ingen har set."	The president predicted that once the coronavirus is gone, the stock markets “will pop back up like nobody has seen.”
Investeringsbanken Goldman Sachs forudser ingen økonomisk vækst i USA i første kvartal i år og en årlig rentenedgang på 5 % i andet kvartal.	Investment bank Goldman Sachs forecast no U.S. economic growth for the first quarter of this year and an annualized rate contraction of 5% in the second quarter.
"Jeg tror, ​​de fleste mennesker nu føler, at vi er på vej mod en recession, hvis ikke allerede i en recession, i det mindste i USA, hvis ikke globalt," sagde Shaki Abbas, direktør for økonomisk politik ved Bipartisan Policy Center.	“I think most people now feel like we are headed towards a recession if not already in a recession, at least in the United States, if not globally,” said Shaki Abbas, director of economic policy at the Bipartisan Policy Center.
Det Hvide Hus anbefalede mandag folk i USA at undgå sociale sammenkomster med mere end 10 personer i mindst de næste 15 dage.	The White House on Monday recommended people in the United States avoid social gatherings of more than 10 people for at least the next 15 days.
Arrangørerne af Kentucky Derby-hestevæddeløbet har annonceret, at begivenheden bliver udskudt til september - første gang i 75 år, vil begivenheden ikke finde sted den første lørdag i maj.	Organizers of the Kentucky Derby horse race have announced the event is being postponed until September — the first time in 75 years the event will not occur on the first Saturday in May.
Indien har lukket den ikoniske Taj Mahal, en af ​​verdens mest besøgte turiststeder, da den bekæmper spredningen af ​​coronavirus.	India has closed the iconic Taj Mahal, one of the world’s most visited tourist sites, as it battles the spread of coronavirus.
"Køen til billetter var virkelig lang," sagde han.	“The line for tickets was really long,” he said.
Trang har arbejdet meget hårdt på at overføre funktioner fra det gamle design til det nye design.	Trang has been working very hard on porting features from the old design to the new design.
Snesevis af andre monumenter, der er populære blandt turister, er også blevet lukket.	Dozens of other monuments that are popular with tourists have also been shut.
Byer som Mumbai, hvor hundredtusinder bor i overfyldte slumkvarterer og rejser på tætpakkede transportnetværk, udgør den største udfordring i at kontrollere udbruddet i Indien.	Cities like Mumbai, where hundreds of thousands live in overcrowded slums and travel on packed transport networks, pose the greatest challenge in controlling the outbreak in India.
Alle mobilopkald begynder med en optaget helbredsmeddelelse.	All mobile calls begin with a recorded health message.
New Yorkere vågnede op til en våd og grå tirsdag.	New Yorkers woke up to a wet and gray Tuesday.
Normalt den 17. marts klædte omkring 2 millioner tilskuere sig i en grøn linje på en 35-blok rute langs Fifth Avenue for at se snesevis af marchorkestre, sækkepiber, politi, brandmænd, politikere og personligheder langs ruten.	Normally on March 17, about 2 million spectators dressed in green line a 35-block route along Fifth Avenue to view the dozens of marching bands, bagpipers, police, firemen, politicians and personalities along the route.
Legenden siger, at St. Patrick bar grønt, da han drev alle slangerne ud af Irland i 461 e.Kr.	Legend has it that St. Patrick wore green when he drove all the snakes out of Ireland in 461 A.D.
Paraden går forbi en skyhøje gotisk katedral bygget af irske immigranter og opkaldt efter St. Patrick, som er skytshelgen for både Irland og New York City.	The parade goes past a soaring Gothic cathedral built by Irish immigrants and named for St. Patrick, who is the patron saint of both Ireland and New York City.
For første gang i sin 258-årige historie blev paraden aflyst på grund af sundhedsrisici ved store folkemængder.	For the first time in its 258-year history, the parade was canceled due to the health risks of large crowds.
"Der er ingen forretning," sagde Bobby, der leder Little Italy Pizza i midtbyen, som betjener kontormedarbejdere, der normalt besætter de nærliggende skyskrabere.	"There is no business," said Bobby, who manages Little Italy Pizza in midtown, which serves the office workers who normally occupy the neighboring skyscrapers.
Der er ingen mennesker.	There are no people.
Han sagde, at forretningen er faldet med mindst 90 %.	He said business is down at least 90%.
Tusindvis af job i den lokale økonomi afhænger af de 50 millioner besøgende, der kommer til Big Apple hvert år.	Thousands of jobs in the local economy depend on the 50 million visitors who come to the Big Apple each year.
Mens mange newyorkere brokker sig over turisterne, der tilstopper gaderne, ved de, at mange af deres naboer er afhængige af dem for at tjene til livets ophold.	While many New Yorkers grumble about the tourists clogging up the streets, they know many of their neighbors depend on them to earn a living.
Mens de lokale beboere brokker sig over turisterne, der tilstopper gaderne, ved de, at mange af deres naboer er afhængige af dem for at tjene til livets ophold.	While the local residents grumble about the tourists clogging up the streets, they know many of their neighbors depend on them to earn a living.
Efter en uges panikkøb har byens dagligvarebutikker stort set bare hylder.	After a week of panic buying, the city's grocery stores have mostly bare shelves.
Supermarkedsmedarbejdere er nu i kategorien heroiske arbejdere, ligesom førstehjælpere.	Supermarket staffers are now in the category of heroic workers, like first responders.
New Yorkere er kendt for deres robusthed.	New Yorkers are known for their resilience.
Efter terrorangrebene den 11. september var byen tilbage på fode i løbet af få uger.	After the terrorist attacks of 9/11, the city was back on its feet in a matter of weeks.
Men denne gang føles det anderledes.	But this time, it feels different.
Sælgere på det travle Croix-des-Bossales-marked i centrum af Port-au-Prince har ikke hørt meget om coronavirus-pandemien, der i øjeblikket skyller verden over.	Vendors at the busy Croix-des-Bossales market in downtown Port-au-Prince have not heard much about the coronavirus pandemic that is currently sweeping the world.
Halvdelen af ​​sælgerne havde travlt med at få enderne til at mødes og havde ingen viden eller forkerte oplysninger om virussen.	Half of the vendors were busy trying to make ends meet and had no knowledge or incorrect information about the virus.
Jeg har en radio derhjemme, men den virker ikke.	I do have a radio at home, but it’s not working.
"Jeg hørte, at det er folk, der spiser mus, der har denne sygdom," fortalte en sælger i 20'erne til VOA.	“I heard it’s people who eat mice who have this disease,” a vendor in her 20s told VOA.
En sælger, der sælger ris og bønner, sagde, at hun vasker sine hænder ofte, men bemærkede, at hendes kunder måske eller måske ikke gør det samme.	A vendor selling rice and beans said she washes her hands often, but noted that her clients may or may not do the same.
”Når en person er sulten, husker de måske ikke at vaske hænder, før de kommer til min stand for at købe mad.	“When a person is hungry, they may not remember to wash their hands before they come to my stand to buy food.
Det eneste, de kan komme i tanke om, er at spise,” sagde hun.	All they can think of is eating,” she said.
Haiti har ingen bekræftede tilfælde af COVID-19.	Haiti has no confirmed cases of COVID-19.
Tak til Mozilla for finansieringen af ​​Tatoeba.	Thanks to Mozilla for financing Tatoeba.
Konstruktiv feedback om det nye design er meget velkommen.	Constructive feedback about the new design is very welcome.
Klokkerne ringer i landsbyerne i den norditalienske region Lombardiet og registrerer endnu et dødsfald af coronavirus.	The bells are tolling in the villages of the north Italian region of Lombardy, registering yet another coronavirus death.
Indhyllet i deres hjem i en anden uge spekulerer italienerne på, hvor mange gange klokkerne vil ringe sounare a morto.	Cooped up in their homes for a second week, Italians are wondering how many more times the bells will toll sounare a morto.
Den italienske regering har vendt sig til brugen af ​​karantæner, som først blev brugt af Venedig i det 14. århundrede for at beskytte sig mod pestepidemier.	The Italian government has turned to the use of quarantines, first used by Venice in the 14th century to protect itself from plague epidemics.
Håndmalede bannere med sloganet "Alt vil være i orden", er begyndt at dukke op i italienske byer.	Hand-painted banners with the slogan, “Everything will be alright,” have started to appear in Italian cities.
Historikere siger, at plager og pest har omformet lande før, ændret politik, bidraget til ustabilitet, forsinket økonomisk udvikling og ændret sociale relationer.	Historians say plagues and pestilence have reshaped countries before, changing politics, contributing to instability, retarding economic development and altering social relations.
"Pesten forårsagede et chok for økonomien på den italienske halvø, som kunne have været nøglen til at starte dens relative tilbagegang sammenlignet med de nye nordeuropæiske lande," bemærkede den italienske historiker Guido Alfani i et akademisk papir om virkningen af ​​det 17. århundredes pest.	“Plague caused a shock to the economy of the Italian peninsula that might have been key in starting its relative decline compared with the emerging northern European countries,” noted Italian historian Guido Alfani in an academic paper on the impact of the 17th century plague.
I England var de langsigtede virkninger af middelalderens sorte død ødelæggende og vidtrækkende, ifølge historikeren Tom James.	In England, the long-term effects of the medieval Black Death were devastating and far-reaching, according to historian Tom James.
Middelalderens Storbritannien blev irreversibelt ændret af den sorte død, landbrug, religion, økonomi og endda social klasse påvirket.	Medieval Britain was irreversibly changed by the Black Death, agriculture, religion, economics and even social class affected.
Historikere siger, at den sorte død fremskyndede afslutningen på feudalismen.	Historians say the Black Death hastened the end of feudalism.
Mange politikere er blevet tvunget til politiske vendinger.	Many politicians have been forced into policy reversals.
EU-embedsmænd insisterede på, at nationale regeringer ikke skulle lukke grænser eller stoppe den frie bevægelighed for personer inden for den såkaldte Schengen-zone.	European Union officials insisted that national governments should not close borders or stop the free movement of people within the so-called Schengen zone.
Nogle iagttagere siger, at COVID-19 kan udløse en stigning i multilateralisme og større solidaritet på tværs af grænserne, ligesom den spanske syge fik indvarslingen af ​​offentlige sundhedssystemer og de første internationale agenturer til at bekæmpe sygdom.	Some observers say COVID-19 could triggeran uptick in multilateralism and greater cross-border solidarity, much as the Spanish flu prompted the ushering in of public health care systems and the first international agencies to combat disease.
Cyberangrebet efterforskes stadig, og der er endnu ingen indikation af, hvem eller hvad der kan have stået bag.	The cyberattack is still being investigated and there is not yet an indication of who or what may have been behind it.
Prioriteten for de fleste universitetsstuderende i USA er klar: at flytte deres ejendele væk fra campus så hurtigt som muligt og indstille sig på at tage undervisning online.	The priority for most university students in the United States is clear: to move their belongings off campus as quickly as possible and set up to take classes online.
"De er meget bevidst vage med deres e-mails, fordi vi kan se, at de ikke selv har fundet ud af meget," sagde Lucia Macchi, en førsteårsstuderende ved Pennsylvania State University, til VOA.	"They're being very intentionally vague with their emails, because we can tell they don't have much figured out themselves," Lucia Macchi, a freshman at Pennsylvania State University, told VOA.
Tom var med vilje vag i sin e-mail.	Tom was intentionally vague in his email.
Studerende siger, at politikken for refusion for kost og kost stadig er uklar.	Students say the policy on reimbursement for room and board is still unclear.
Ikke alle universitetsstuderende har bredbånd derhjemme.	Not every college student has broadband at home.
"At komme på college er en kilde til enorm økonomisk stabilitet og boligstabilitet i flere måneder om året.	"Coming to college is a source of humongous economic and housing stability for several months out of the year.
At gå hjem ... lægger en enorm belastning på vores familier," sagde Barton.	Going home...puts an enormous strain on our families," Barton said.
Barton er stadig usikker på, hvordan hans studiejob vil blive påvirket på Harvard.	Barton is still unsure how his work-study job will be affected at Harvard.
Barton er bekymret over den byrde, han vil lægge på sin far, en enlig forælder til to.	Barton is concerned about the burden he will place on his father, a single parent of two.
Forældre, studerende og universiteter klatrer rundt i USA og i udlandet, da skoler aflyser undervisningen og sender eleverne til at pakke på grund af COVID-19-pandemien.	Parents, students and universities are scrambling across the United States and abroad as schools cancel classes and send students packing because of the COVID-19 pandemic.
Studerende bliver bedt om at flytte hjem så hurtigt som muligt i USA og internationalt.	Students are being told to move back home as soon as possible in the U.S. and internationally.
Nogle elever får besked på at tage deres ejendele med sig og lade deres værelser stå tomme.	Some students are being told to take their belongings with them and leave their rooms empty.
"Alle er i panik," sagde en medarbejder ved et Ivy-League-universitet på østkysten, som bad om at forblive anonym.	“Everyone is in a panic,” said a staff worker at an Ivy-League university on the East Coast, who asked to remain anonymous.
Italiens infektionstal fortsætter med at skyde i vejret.	Italy’s infection rate continues to skyrocket.
Selvom Mary ankom tre timer for tidligt, kunne hun ikke komme på flyet.	Although Mary arrived three hours early, she couldn't get on the flight.
Den unge kvinde tog et tog til London og fik et fly ud af Heathrow.	The young woman took a train to London and got a flight out of Heathrow.
Hvorfor skal rummet være tomt?	Why does the room need to be empty?
Ingen flytter ind.	Nobody is moving in.
Du er klogere end din søskende.	You're smarter than your sibling.
Min far er imod vores ægteskab.	My father is against our marriage.
Forsvarsministeriet leverer masker og ventilatorer fra sine reserver til Department of Health and Human Services.	The Department of Defense is providing masks and ventilators from its reserves to the Department of Health and Human Services.
Luftvåbnet sender virustestsæt til områder med stort behov.	The Air Force is shuttling virus testing kits to high-need areas.
Mindst 1.500 nationalgarde i 22 stater yder støttebehov lige fra desinficering til levering af måltider.	At least 1,500 National Guardsmen in 22 states are providing support needs ranging from disinfecting to meal delivery.
Pentagon mangler stadig at besætte omkring en tredjedel af sine 60 højtstående civile stillinger, som kræver Senatets bekræftelse.	The Pentagon still needs to fill about one third of its 60 senior civilian posts, which require Senate confirmation.
Klik ikke på links, du ikke genkender.	Don't click on links you don't recognize.
Nogle af e-mails er designet til at se ud, som om de kommer fra legitime agenturer såsom U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) eller Verdenssundhedsorganisationen (WHO), der bruger frygt for coronavirus til at få en modtager til at klikke på en ondsindet vedhæftet fil eller link.	Some of the emails are designed to look like they are coming from legitimate agencies such as the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) or the World Health Organization (WHO), using fear of the coronavirus to get a recipient to click on a malicious attachment or link.
Nogle angreb er fokuseret på phishing, der søger at stjæle bruger-id'er og adgangskoder.	Some attacks are focused on phishing, looking to steal user IDs and passwords.
Andre involverer installation af malware (ondsindet kodning) designet til at stjæle data eller til at få adgang til finansielle konti og stjæle penge.	Others involve installing malware (malicious coding) designed to steal data or to access financial accounts and steal money.
Selvom den slags angreb ikke er nye, er mange af de personer, der er målrettet, uerfarne.	While those sorts of attacks are not new, many of the individuals being targeted are inexperienced.
"Vi er nu i situationen med 100% arbejde hjemmefra for et stort antal ansatte i virksomhedernes Amerika," sagde DeGrippo.	"We are now in the situation of 100% work from home for a huge number of employees in corporate America,” DeGrippo said.
I årevis har cybersikkerhedseksperter i regeringen og den private sektor advaret om, at de netværk, amerikanerne stoler på, ikke er sikre, og at mange måske allerede er blevet kompromitteret.	For years, cybersecurity experts in government and the private sector have warned that the networks Americans rely on are not secure and that many may have already been compromised.
New Yorks statsguvernør Andrew Cuomo advarede torsdag om, at misinformation og frygt relateret til coronavirus på mange måder er "farligere end virussen."	New York State Governor Andrew Cuomo warned Thursday that misinformation and fear related to the coronavirus are in many ways “more dangerous than the virus.”
Guvernøren sammenlignede den situation, staten står i, med dagene efter den sept.	The governor likened the situation the state is facing to the days after the Sept.
11, 2001 terrorangreb.	11, 2001 terrorist attacks.
"Det er et øjeblik, der bare ændrer hele dit liv," sagde han.	“It’s a moment that just changes your whole life,” he said.
I går skulle du på arbejde, og du skulle til kontorfest; i dag er du hjemme, og børnene er hjemme, og du er bekymret for helbredet, og du er bekymret for dit job, og du er bekymret for økonomi, og du beskæftiger dig med personlige problemer, og du beskæftiger dig med familieproblemer - og det hele sker på én gang.	Yesterday, you were going to work, and you were going to the office party; today you’re at home, and the kids are at home, and you are worried about health, and you are worried about your job, and you’re worried about economics, and you are dealing with personal issues, and you are dealing with family issues -- and it is all happening at once.
Kravene om arbejdsløshedserstatning steg i USA i sidste uge, da de økonomiske konsekvenser af coronavirus-pandemien tog fat.	Claims for unemployment compensation surged in the United States last week as the economic impact of the coronavirus pandemic took hold.
Økonomer forudser, at mere end en million amerikanske arbejdere kan miste deres job inden udgangen af ​​marts.	Economists are predicting that more than a million U.S. workers could lose their jobs by the end of March.
Tom havde håbet, at forretningen ville blive bedre, når vejret blev varmere, og gæster kunne sidde udenfor restauranten.	Tom had hoped business would improve once the weather warmed and patrons could sit outside the restaurant.
Som ejer af en lille virksomhed siger Halteh, at han ikke har råd til at blive ved med at betale de ansatte, han ikke har noget arbejde for.	As a small-business owner, Halteh says he cannot afford to keep paying the employees he doesn’t have any work for.
"Jeg tror, ​​når det er overstået, vil alt være en blomstrende økonomi," siger Halteh.	“I think, after it’s over, everything's going to be a booming economy,” Halteh says.
"Jeg føler mig optimistisk."	“I feel optimistic.”
USA's præsident, Donald Trump, påberåber sig Defence Production Act, som vil give hans administration mulighed for at tvinge amerikansk industri til at fremstille medicinske forsyninger, der er mangelvare i kampen mod coronavirus-pandemien.	U.S. President Donald Trump is invoking the Defense Production Act, which would allow his administration to force American industry to manufacture medical supplies that are in short supply in the fight against the coronavirus pandemic.
To medlemmer af det amerikanske Repræsentanternes Hus meddelte sent onsdag, at de er testet positive for coronavirus.	Two members of the U.S. House of Representatives announced late Wednesday they have tested positive for the coronavirus.
To medlemmer af det amerikanske Repræsentanternes Hus meddelte sent onsdag, at de var testet positive for coronavirus, hvilket gav anledning til et spørgsmål, der engang ville have været utænkeligt: ​​Hvorfor kan Kongressen ikke arbejde eksternt?	Two members of the U.S. House of Representatives announced late Wednesday they have tested positive for the coronavirus, prompting a question that once would have been unthinkable: Why can't Congress work remotely?
Tom bekræftede, at han har virussen.	Tom confirmed that he has the virus.
Tom har ikke virussen.	Tom doesn't have the virus.
Tom er ikke sikker på, om Mary har virussen.	Tom isn't sure whether Mary has the virus.
Parisere markerede skumringen på den første dag af deres coronavirus-lockdown i denne uge ved at træde ud på deres balkoner og åbne deres vinduer for at juble og bifalde frontlinjekampene mellem læger og sygeplejersker til den virulente virale fjende, der har ændret livet rundt om i verden.	Parisians marked dusk on the first day of their coronavirus lockdown this week by stepping out on their balconies and throwing open their windows to cheer and applaud the front-line fighting of doctors and nurses of the virulent viral enemy that has upended life around the world.
Sundhedsarbejdere har brug for mere beskyttelsesudstyr.	Health workers need more protective gear.
I Italien og Spanien er beskyttelsesudstyr ved at løbe tør.	In Italy and Spain, protective gear is running out.
Næsten 3.000 italienske læger er blevet syge på grund af COVID-19.	Nearly 3,000 Italian doctors have fallen sick because of COVID-19.
I Storbritannien er læger vrede over manglen på test af sundhedspersonale.	In Britain, doctors are angry about the lack of testing of health professionals.
Vi skal stoppe den latterlige ubalance, hvor politikere og sportsstjerner tilsyneladende kan blive testet, men det kan sundhedspersonale i frontlinjen ikke.	We must stop the ridiculous imbalance where politicians and sports stars can apparently get tested, but frontline health workers cannot.
Kriterierne skal være konsekvente.	The criteria must be consistent.
Britiske læger har fået at vide, at selvom de er syge, bliver de nødt til at fortsætte med at arbejde.	British doctors have been told that even if they are sick, they will need to carry on working.
Italienske læger og sygeplejersker siger, at de er udbrændt fra deres døgnåbne kamp med coronavirus og det store antal alvorligt syge patienter, de forsøger at redde.	Italian doctors and nurses say they are burned out from their round-the-clock battle with coronavirus and the high volume of severely ill patients they are trying to save.
At vælge, hvilke patienter der skal tilsluttes knappe ventilatorer, har en tung følelsesmæssig og psykologisk byrde på læger og sygeplejersker.	Choosing which patients to hook up to scarce ventilators is having a heavy emotional and psychological toll on doctors and nurses.
Lægepersonalet skal prioritere patienter med de bedste muligheder for at overleve.	The medical staff has to prioritize patients with the best chances of survival.
Medicinsk personale er blevet reduceret til tårer og skal træffe så mange beslutninger om liv eller død i hurtig rækkefølge.	Medical staff have been reduced to tears having to make so many life or death decisions in quick succession.
På de mindre hospitaler i tætte samfund måtte læger ofte nægte behandling til naboer og venner.	In the smaller hospitals in close-knit communities, doctors often had to deny treatment to neighbors and friends.
Daniele Macchini, en læge på Humanitas Gavazzeni hospital i Bergamo, skrev: "Krigen er bogstaveligt talt eksploderet, og kampene er uafbrudte dag og nat.	Daniele Macchini, a physician at Humanitas Gavazzeni hospital in Bergamo, wrote : “The war has literally exploded, and the battles are uninterrupted day and night.
Resultaterne af podningen kommer nu efter hinanden: positive, positive, positive.	The results of the swabs now come one after the other: positive, positive, positive.
Pludselig bryder skadestuen sammen.”	Suddenly the emergency room is collapsing.”
Mange af lægerne og sygeplejerskerne sover på hospitalet og undgår at gå hjem af frygt for utilsigtet at smitte deres familier.	Many of the doctors and nurses sleep at the hospital and avoid going home for fear of inadvertently infecting their families.
En kirurg på Treviglio hospitalet i Bergamo fortalte avisen Corriere della Sera, at hun har klippet sit lange blonde hår af af frygt for, at der kan være en virus på det.	A surgeon at Treviglio hospital in Bergamo told Corriere della Sera newspaper that she has shorn off her long blond hair for fear that some virus may be on it.
Billeder af de syge og døende bliver hos hende, når hun forsøger at snuppe noget hvile derhjemme.	Images of the sick and dying stay with her when trying to snatch some rest at home.
Hun forklarede den begrænsede fysiske kontakt med alvorligt syge patienter - de få gange, de bliver rørt, er, når læger forsøger at genoplive dem, og når de er koblet til rør.	She explained the limited physical contact with severely sick patients — the few times they get touched are when doctors try to resuscitate them, and when they are hooked up to tubes.
Selv når patienter er døende, skal deres familier holdes væk.	Even when patients are dying, their families must be kept away.
De døende beder læger om at fortælle deres kære, at de elsker dem.	The dying ask doctors to tell their loved ones they love them.
En gammel mand bad hende om at sende sine hilsner til et nyfødt barnebarn, han aldrig vil se.	One old man asked her to send his greetings to a newborn granddaughter he will never see.
Social distancering er blevet en vigtig ny normal på verdensplan, da lande forsøger at dæmme op for spredningen af ​​coronavirus.	Social distancing has become an important new normal worldwide as countries try to stem the spread of coronavirus.
En far i karantæne på en marinebase i Californien var i stand til at deltage i sin datters bryllup hundreder af kilometer væk i Arizona gennem en teletilstedeværelsesrobot.	A father in quarantine on a Marine base in California was able to attend his daughter’s wedding hundreds of kilometers away in Arizona through a telepresence robot.
Han styrede robottens bevægelser, blandede sig med gæster og så fra sidelinjen, mens hans datter dansede til bryllupsfesten.	He directed the robot's movements, mingling with guests and watching from the sidelines as his daughter danced at the wedding party.
FN's generalsekretær advarede torsdag om, at millioner af mennesker kunne dø globalt af coronavirus-udbruddet uden en koordineret global reaktion.	The U.N. secretary-general warned Thursday that millions of people could die globally from the coronavirus outbreak without a coordinated global response.
"Hvis vi lader virussen sprede sig som en steppebrand, især i de mest sårbare områder i verden, ville den dræbe millioner af mennesker," advarede Antonio Guterres.	“If we let the virus spread like wildfire, especially in the most vulnerable regions of the world, it would kill millions of people,” Antonio Guterres warned.
Skolelukninger forårsaget af coronavirus-pandemien betyder, at mange forældre forsøger at finde på måder at uddanne og underholde deres børn derhjemme.	School closures caused by the coronavirus pandemic mean many parents are trying to come up with ways to educate and entertain their children at home.
Nogle forældre bekymrer sig om for meget skærmtid.	Some parents worry about too much screen time.
En af de få amerikanere, der så månen tæt på, er død.	One of the few Americans to see the moon close up has died.
Astronaut Al Worden, der fløj rundt om månen som en del af Apollo 15-missionen i 1971, døde i søvne, sagde hans familie onsdag.	Astronaut Al Worden, who flew around the moon as part of the Apollo 15 mission in 1971, died in his sleep, his family said Wednesday.
Han var 88.	He was 88.
Worden kredsede om månen i kommandomodulet, mens andre astronauter Jim Irwin og David Scott udforskede overfladen.	Worden circled the moon in the command module while fellow astronauts Jim Irwin and David Scott explored the surface.
"Al var en amerikansk helt, hvis præstationer i rummet og på jorden aldrig vil blive glemt," sagde NASA-administrator Jim Bridenstine onsdag.	“Al was an American hero whose achievements in space and on Earth will never be forgotten,” NASA Administrator Jim Bridenstine said Wednesday.
Worden beskrev engang at flyve til månen som at køre bil, kun med en vis analytisk evne.	Worden once described flying to the moon as like driving a car, only with some analytical ability.
Worden skrev to bøger om sin månemission, herunder en for børn.	Worden wrote two books about his moon mission, including one for children.
Worden mistede aldrig sin begejstring for rummet.	Worden never lost his enthusiasm for space.
Stigende have forbundet med klimaændringer udløser kroniske indlandsoversvømmelser i mange dele af verden.	Rising seas linked to climate change are triggering chronic inland flooding in many parts of the world.
I det sydlige Florida truer højvande drikkevandet og forårsager jorderosion.	In southern Florida, high tides are threatening drinking water and causing soil erosion.
De forhøjede havniveauer kunne i sidste ende sætte store strækninger af Florida under vand.	The elevated sea levels could eventually put vast stretches of Florida under water.
For at hjælpe med at kontrollere skaderne fra oversvømmelser er nogle veje og bygninger blevet forhøjet, og havvægge bliver forstærket.	To help control the damage from flooding, some roads and buildings have been elevated and seawalls are being reinforced.
Mangrover er træer, der lever i moser eller tidevandskysten og vokser i saltvand.	Mangroves are trees that live in marshes or tidal shores and grow in salty water.
Mangrover er træer, der lever i moser eller tidevandskysten og vokser i saltvand.	Mangroves are trees that live in marshes or tidal shores and grow in salty water.
Deres rødder danner tætte krat, der hjælper med at forhindre erosion og giver en naturlig buffer mod stormfloder.	Their roots form dense thickets that help prevent erosion and provide a natural buffer against storm surges.
Mangroveskove kan hjælpe med beskyttelse mod oversvømmelser.	Mangrove forests can help with flood protection.
Mary dyppede sin pagaj i vandet.	Mary dipped her paddle into the water.
Tom dyppede sin pagaj i vandet.	Tom dipped his paddle into the water.
Miami Beachs Oleta River State Park er et paradis for kajakroere.	Miami Beach’s Oleta River State Park is a kayaker’s paradise.
Mangrover binder mere kulstof end nogen andre træer på jorden, fordi de har en ret stor underjordisk rodstruktur.	Mangroves sequester more carbon than any other trees on Earth because they have quite a large underground root structure.
Floridas mangroveskove er dog truet.	Florida's mangrove forests, however, are under threat.
De fleste af vores mangrover er blevet elimineret for udvikling.	Most of our mangroves have been eliminated for development.
Når havniveauet stiger, vil nogle områder ikke længere være beboelige, og måske vil nogle boliger og andre strukturer blive fjernet.	As sea level rises, some areas will no longer be habitable and maybe some homes and other structures will be removed.
Miami Beach plejede at være en mangrove-ø.	Miami Beach used to be a mangrove island.
Et stigende antal lande tyer til drakoniske foranstaltninger såsom selvisolering, social distancering og rejseforbud for at bremse spredningen af ​​COVID-19.	A growing number of countries are resorting to draconian measures such as self-isolation, social distancing, and travel bans to curb the spread of COVID-19.
Både Kina og Singapore, som anvendte meget strenge medicinske, sociale og politiske foranstaltninger, har set dramatiske fald i tilfælde af coronavirus og dødsfald.	Both China and Singapore, which employed very strict medical, social and political measures have seen dramatic declines in coronavirus cases and deaths.
"De eksempler, vi har set indtil videre, viser os, at drastiske nedskæringer eller drastiske begrænsninger i befolkningens sociale liv ... sammen med en aggressiv testning, sporing og behandling af patienter og deres kontakter har virket," sagde han.	“The examples we have seen so far show us that drastic cuts or drastic limitations in social life of the populations…together with an aggressive testing, tracking and treating of patients and their contacts has worked,” he said.
USA annoncerede, at de midlertidigt vil lukke sin nordlige grænse til Canada for "ikke-essentiel trafik."	The U.S. announced it will temporarily close its northern border with Canada to “non-essential traffic.”
Weiler advarede om, at udbruddet kunne fortsætte med at påvirke Tyskland i op til to år.	Weiler warned that the outbreak could continue to impact Germany for up to two years.
Den Europæiske Union opfordrer videostreamingtjenester til at begrænse levering af programmer i high-definition for at undgå et internetnedbrud.	The European Union is calling on video streaming services to limit providing programs in high-definition to avert an internet crash.
Den Europæiske Union opfordrer videostreamingtjenester til at begrænse levering af programmer i high-definition for at undgå et internetnedbrud, der kan udløses af ekstremt hårdt brug på grund af coronavirus-pandemien.	The European Union is calling on video streaming services to limit providing programs in high-definition to avert an internet crash that could be triggered by extremely heavy usage because of the coronavirus pandemic.
Lande over hele verden har indført restriktioner på forsamlinger og rejser som reaktion på pandemien, hvilket har tvunget hundredvis af millioner af arbejdere og studerende til at blive i deres hjem.	Countries throughout the world have imposed restrictions on gatherings and travel in response to the pandemic, forcing hundreds of millions of workers and students to remain in their homes.
At være hjemmegående har ført til hidtil uset brug af streamingtjenester, hvilket vækker bekymring blandt EU-embedsmænd om, at det kan belaste internetbåndbredden ud over kapaciteten og udløse et nedbrud.	Being homebound has led to unprecedented usage of streaming services, causing concern among EU officials that it could strain internet bandwidth beyond capacity and trigger a crash.
Forskere rundt om i verden ræser for at låse op for COVID-19-virussens hemmelighed på jagt efter en vaccine.	Scientists around the world are racing to unlock the secrets of the COVID-19 virus in search of a vaccine.
Der er ingen klare tegn på, at varmere forhold vil dæmpe eller stoppe virussen.	There are no clear signs that warmer conditions will subdue or stop the virus.
"Alle canadiere bør så meget som muligt blive hjemme," sagde Trudeau.	"All Canadians as much as possible should stay home," Trudeau said.
Myndighederne modtager en bølge af rapporter om folk, der forsøger at tjene penge på coronakrisen med uhyrlige priser, falske kure og andre fupnumre.	Authorities are receiving a surge of reports about people trying to cash in on the coronavirus crisis with outrageous prices, phony cures and other scams.
En butik annoncerede håndsprit til 60 USD pr. flaske.	One store advertised hand sanitizer at $60 a bottle.
Grådighed er en stærk motivator for nogle mennesker.	Greed is a powerful motivator for some people.
Det er utilgiveligt at forgribe sig på mennesker i en sårbar tid for at tjene en hurtig penge.	It is inexcusable to prey on people in a vulnerable time to make a quick buck.
Tom blev anklaget for prisudslip.	Tom was accused of price gouging.
Tom blev anklaget for at hamstre toiletpapir og prisudslip.	Tom was accused of hoarding toilet paper and price gouging.
Der var rapporter om alt for dyre kartofler i Idaho.	There were reports of overpriced potatoes in Idaho.
Der var rapporter om overpris ris i Wisconsin.	There were reports of overpriced rice in Wisconsin.
En sælger blev anklaget for at sælge medicinske masker til mere end 10 gange den normale værdi.	A seller was accused of hawking medical masks at more than 10 times the normal value.
Californiens guvernør Gavin Newsom beordrede torsdag statens 40 millioner indbyggere til at blive hjemme.	California Governor Gavin Newsom Thursday ordered the state's 40 million residents to stay home.
"Det er stadig meget farligt lige nu," sagde Ki, især i lukkede offentlige rum som kontorer, kirker, hospitaler, møntkaraokerum eller computerspilcentre.	“It is still very dangerous right now,” said Ki, especially in enclosed public spaces like offices, churches, hospitals, coin karaoke rooms, or computer gaming centers.
Mange sydkoreanske religiøse grupper har flyttet deres tjenester online.	Many South Korean religious groups have moved their services online.
Vejret bliver godt, og mange mennesker har det svært med at blive hjemme.	The weather is getting nice and many people are having a tough time having to stay at home.
New Yorks borgmester opfordrede USA's præsident, Donald Trump, til at indsætte militært personel til sin by.	New York’s mayor called on U.S. President Donald Trump to deploy military personnel to his city.
Vi har nu misinformation og frygt og panik, som er lige så smitsom eller mere smitsom end virussen.	We now have misinformation and fear and panic, which is as contagious or more contagious than the virus.
Singapore har fået stor ros for sin tidlige og grundige reaktion på COVID-19.	Singapore has earned high praise for its early and thorough response to COVID-19.
Lo sagde, at de fleste lande kunne kopiere Singapores eksempel på at engagere alle ministerier og den private sektor og offentligheden i at bekæmpe coronavirus og at kommunikere med borgere ofte og ærligt.	Lo said most countries could copy Singapore's example of engaging all ministries and the private sector and the public in fighting the coronavirus, and of communicating with citizens often and honestly.
Det nye coronavirus-udbrud har ramt USA i slutningen af ​​forårsferien - en hævdvunden martstradition for universitetsstuderende.	The novel coronavirus outbreak has hit the United States on the tail end of spring break — a time-honored March tradition for college students.
Nogle studerende holdt fast i deres planer om at besøge stranden, blot for at finde deres fester lukket ned.	Some students stuck to their plans of visiting the beach, only to find their parties shut down.
Myndighederne lukker offentlige strande, restauranter og barer ned.	Authorities shut down public beaches, restaurants and bars.
Sundhedseksperter advarer om, at spring breakers kan bringe virussen tilbage til deres hjembyer.	Health experts warn that spring breakers could carry the virus back to their hometowns.
Medicinske eksperter bekymrer sig om tilbagevendende spring breakers kunne bringe COVID-19 med sig hjem.	Medical experts worry returning spring breakers could bring COVID-19 home with them.
Selvisolering kan være svært for mange yngre mennesker, som allerede er skuffede over, at de går tilbage til deres forældres huse i stedet for deres universiteter.	Self-isolating may be hard for many younger people who are already disappointed that they're going back to their parents' houses instead of their universities.
Internationale turister kæmper for at forlade Australien, da bekymringerne stiger over flyaflysninger og grænselukninger.	International tourists are scrambling to leave Australia as concerns mount over flight cancellations and border closures.
Australien forbyder udenlandske rejsende fra fredag, da det forsøger at stoppe spredningen af ​​den nye coronavirus.	Australia is banning foreign travelers beginning Friday as it tries to stop the spread of the new coronavirus.
Mange australiere er strandet i udlandet.	Many Australians are stranded overseas.
Travle alléer som Champs Elysées summer ikke i disse dage i den franske hovedstad.	Busy avenues like the Champs Elysées are not buzzing these days in the French capital.
I Frankrig kan politiet bøde folk på op til $150, hvis de ikke har en gyldig undskyldning for at være udenfor.	In France, police can fine people up to $150 if they do not have a valid excuse to be outside.
Franske statsborgere er blevet beordret til at blive hjemme og sætte sig i karantæne for at forhindre spredning af coronavirus.	French citizens have been ordered to remain home and self-quarantine to prevent the spread of the coronavirus.
Mange franske borgere fjernarbejder og tager sig af deres børn, da skolerne også er lukkede.	Many French citizens are teleworking and taking care of their children, since the schools are closed, too.
Politiet kan bøde folk på op til $150, hvis de ikke har en gyldig undskyldning for at være udenfor.	Police can fine people up to $150 if they do not have a valid excuse to be outside.
I modsætning til Italien eller Spanien forbyder den franske regering ikke alle sportsaktiviteter.	Unlike Italy or Spain, the French government does not ban all sports activities.
De amerikanske grænser til Canada og Mexico vil lukke for ikke-nødvendige rejsende fra midnat lørdag.	The U.S. borders with Canada and Mexico will close to nonessential travelers from midnight on Saturday.
Udenrigsministeriet udsendte en hidtil uset global niveau 4-rejserådgivning, der advarede amerikanere om ikke at rejse til udlandet og for dem i andre lande at vende tilbage med det samme, medmindre de planlægger at blive uden for USA i en længere periode.	The State Department issued an unprecedented global Level 4 travel advisory warning Americans not to travel abroad and for those in other countries to return immediately unless they plan to stay outside the United States for an extended period time.
En landsdækkende intern lockdown er ikke under overvejelse, sagde Trump til journalister.	A nationwide internal lockdown is not under consideration, Trump told reporters.
"Jeg tror aldrig, vi vil finde det nødvendigt," sagde præsidenten.	"I don't think we'll ever find that necessary," said the president.
"Lad mig gøre det klart, at ingen af ​​disse aftaler med Canada eller Mexico gælder for lovlig handel eller handel.	"Let me be clear that neither of these agreements with Canada or Mexico applies to lawful trade or commerce.
Væsentlige kommercielle aktiviteter vil ikke blive påvirket," sagde Chad Wolf, den fungerende indenlandske sikkerhedssekretær.	Essential commercial activities will not be impacted," said Chad Wolf, the acting homeland security secretary.
Rapporter om medicinen, der hjælper coronavirus-patienter med at få det bedre i Kina og Australien, er anekdotiske.	Reports of the medicine helping coronavirus patients get better in China and Australia are anecdotal.
New Yorks statsguvernør, Andrew Cuomo, beordrer ikke-essentielle virksomheder til at flytte arbejdere fuldstændigt til telearbejde sent på søndag.	New York State Governor Andrew Cuomo is ordering non-essential businesses to move workers completely to telework by late Sunday.
"Dette er ikke frivilligt," sagde guvernøren til journalister fredag.	“This is not voluntary,” the governor told reporters Friday.
“Vi kommer til at overvåge det; der vil være borgerlige bøder.	“We are going to monitor it; there will be civil fines.
Der kan være obligatoriske lukninger for virksomheder, der ikke overholder reglerne.	There can be mandatory closures for businesses that do not comply.
Jeg laver ikke sjov med det her."	I am not kidding about this.”
Dette er ikke frivilligt.	This is not voluntary.
Jeg laver ikke sjov med det her.	I am not kidding about this.
"Tallene stiger med sådan en hastighed - det er mere end det dobbelte af hospitalssystemets kapacitet, det er mere end tredobbelt kapaciteten af ​​ICU [intensiv afdeling] systemet," sagde Cuomo.	“The numbers are going up at such a rate – it’s more than double the capacity of the hospital system, it is more than triple the capacity of the ICU [intensive care unit] system,” Cuomo said.
Vi kan ikke få flere ventilatorer.	We can’t get more ventilators.
Cuomo meddelte også, at ikke-nødvendige sammenkomster af enhver størrelse og af en eller anden grund ikke længere er tilladt.	Cuomo also announced that non-essential gatherings of any size and for any reason are no longer allowed.
Før denne meddelelse fik grupper på 50 stadig lov til at mødes, mens de tog social afstand fra hinanden.	Prior to this announcement, groups of 50 were still allowed to meet, while socially distancing themselves from one another.
Jeg beder virksomheder om at være kreative.	I am asking businesses to be creative.
Hvis du kan lave en uniform, hvorfor kan du så ikke lave en maske?	If you can make a uniform, why can’t you make a mask?
"Ventilatorerne er for denne krig, hvad missiler var for Anden Verdenskrig," sagde Cuomo.	“The ventilators are to this war what missiles were to World War II,” Cuomo said.
New York har taget en række skridt for at forsøge at reducere spredningen af ​​den potentielt dødelige luftvejsvirus.	New York has taken a series of steps to try to reduce the spread of the potentially deadly respiratory virus.
Restauranter og barer tilbyder nu kun take-away og leveringstjenester.	Restaurants and bars are now offering take-away and delivery services only.
Fredag ​​beordrede guvernøren alle frisører, negle- og frisørsaloner og tatovører til at lukke midlertidigt.	Friday, the governor ordered all barber shops, nail and hair salons and tattoo parlors to close temporarily.
Unge mennesker er ikke uovervindelige over for COVID-19.	Young people are not invincible to COVID-19.
Hvornår slutter de dårlige nyheder?	When will the bad news end?
For 20.000 år siden levede mennesker i græsklædte tundraer nær polarcirklen.	Twenty thousand years ago, humans lived in grassy tundras near the Arctic Circle.
Træer var bange i disse kolde, tørre områder, så istidsjægere kunne ikke bygge lejrbål med træ.	Trees were scare in these cold, dry regions, so Ice Age hunters could not build campfires using wood.
I stedet lavede disse hårdføre mennesker lejrbål ved at brænde knoglerne af de store dyr, de jagede.	Instead, these hardy humans made campfires by burning the bones of the big animals they hunted.
Få moderne mennesker ved, hvordan man laver et bål.	Few modern people know how to make a bone fire.
For nylig prøvede en arkæolog fra Colorado og nogle frivillige det.	Recently, a Colorado archeologist and some volunteers gave it a try.
Mary prøvede det.	Mary gave it a try.
Tom og Mary prøvede det.	Tom and Mary gave it a try.
Ilden er varm nok til at tilberede bøf.	The fire is hot enough to cook steak.
Ilden er varm nok til at tilberede grøntsager.	The fire is hot enough to cook vegetables.
Ilden er varm nok til at lave mad.	The fire is hot enough to cook food.
Tom blev taget i at stjæle toiletpapir fra et offentligt toilet.	Tom was caught stealing toilet paper from a public restroom.
At have noget at lave får tiden til at gå hurtigere.	Having something to do makes the time pass more quickly.
Du skal ikke bekymre dig om ting, der er uden for din kontrol.	Don't worry about things that are outside your control.
Manitoba erklærede undtagelsestilstand for at håndtere COVID-19.	Manitoba declared a state of emergency to deal with the COVID-19.
Tom restaurerede en gammel lade.	Tom restored an old barn.
Tom restaurerede den gamle lade, som hans bedstefar havde bygget for 100 år siden.	Tom restored the old barn his grandfather had built 100 years ago.
Tom fangede Tatoebavirus.	Tom caught the Tatoebavirus.
Tatoebavirus får folk til at bidrage febrilsk til Tatoeba.	The Tatoebavirus causes people to contribute to Tatoeba frantically.
Ladens tag styrtede sammen.	The barn's roof collapsed.
Ladens tag faldt sammen under vægten af ​​sneen.	The barn's roof collapsed under the weight of the snow.
Ladens tag kollapsede af sneens vægt.	The barn's roof collapsed from the weight of the snow.
Kina begynder nu at fjerne restriktioner i Wuhan ved at tillade en gradvis tilbagevenden til økonomisk aktivitet.	China is now beginning to remove restrictions in Wuhan by allowing a gradual return to economic activity.
Mary har ingen hjælp derhjemme.	Mary doesn't have any help at home.
Tom har ingen hjælp derhjemme.	Tom doesn't have any help at home.
Marys mand rejste hjemmefra for at arbejde.	Mary's husband left home for work.
Toms kone tog hjemmefra på arbejde.	Tom's wife left home for work.
Tom tog hjemmefra på arbejde.	Tom left home for work.
Mary tog hjemmefra på arbejde.	Mary left home for work.
Toms børn ringede til ham for at løse deres computerproblem.	Tom's children called him to fix their computer problem.
Toms frygt gik i opfyldelse.	Tom's fear came true.
Marys frygt gik i opfyldelse.	Mary's fear came true.
I tirsdags gik min frygt i opfyldelse.	This past Tuesday, my fear came true.
Jeg stod i kø for et spørgsmål i en telefonkonference om at stoppe spredningen af ​​coronavirus.	I was queued up for a question in a conference call on stopping the spread of the coronavirus.
Men jeg missede min tur, da jeg blev ringet op af mine børn for at løse deres computerproblem.	But I missed my turn as I was called up by my children to fix their computer problem.
Senere blev mit fravær noteret i referatet af konferencen.	Later, my absence was noted in the transcript of the conference.
Mange arbejdende mødre jonglerer med deres job og deres børn.	Many working mothers are juggling their jobs and their children.
Børnene tager alt fra kunst til musik til idrætsundervisning online.	The children are taking everything from art to music to physical education online.
Mens forældre kæmper med måder at brænde deres børns ekstra energi af, vælger mange at gå udendørs en tur.	As parents grapple with ways to burn off their children’s extra energy, many choose to go outdoors for a walk.
"Vi arbejder på opgaver, og så starter vi et eventyr, uanset om vi gør det som en familie, eller om børnene gør det individuelt," sagde Juliana Cole, en iværksætter, der har tre børn, lige fra en børnehave til en ottende- grader.	“We work on assignments, and then we’ll start an adventure, whether we do it as a family or whether the kids do it individually,” said Juliana Cole, an entrepreneur who has three children, ranging from a kindergartener to an eighth-grader.
Jeg var på en løbetur på tre kilometer med mit barn i går.	I went on a three-mile run with my child yesterday.
Efter dagens arbejde er overstået, eller nogle gange under frokosttid, går mine børn og jeg ud på en tur.	After the day’s work is done, or sometimes during lunchtime, my children and I go out on a walk.
For min søn i anden klasse er "social distancering" bare endnu et spil, han spiller udenfor.	For my second-grader son, “social distancing” is just another game he plays outside.
For min søn i anden klasse er "social distancering" bare endnu et spil, han spiller udenfor.	For my second-grader son, “social distancing” is just another game he plays outside.
Når en fodgænger går forbi, løber han væk og siger "Social distancering, social distancering" og giver sig selv et point for det udførte arbejde.	Whenever a pedestrian passes by, he runs away saying “Social distancing, social distancing” and then gives himself a point for the job accomplished.
Og mig?	And me?
Jeg får normalt minus to point for at sige hej til en fremmed.	I usually get minus two points for saying hello to a stranger.
Norges olympiske komité anmodede om, at OL i Tokyo 2020 blev udsat, indtil spredningen af ​​coronavirus er begrænset.	Norway’s Olympic committee requested that Tokyo 2020 Olympics be postponed until the coronavirus spread is contained.
En række dæmninger på den grænseoverskridende Mekong-flod har reduceret vandstanden, skadet fiskeriet og forårsaget andre miljøproblemer for de mennesker, der er afhængige af vandvejen for deres levebrød og mad.	A series of dams on the transboundary Mekong River has reduced water levels, damaging fisheries and causing other environmental problems for the people who depend on the waterway for their livelihoods and food.
For landmænd som Sanit Khun, der er stærkt afhængige af flodens vand til kunstvanding, er mulighederne ved at tørre ud.	For farmers like Sanit Khun, who rely heavily on the river's water for irrigation, options are drying up.
Med sine 28 år er musikeren Fabi Reyna grundlægger og chefredaktør af magasinet She Shreds, en publikation dedikeret til kvindelige guitarister og bassister.	At 28, musician Fabi Reyna is the founder and editor-in-chief of She Shreds magazine, a publication dedicated to women guitarists and bassists.
Fabi Reyna fortsætter også med at optræde ved koncerter rundt om i verden.	Fabi Reyna also continues to perform in concerts around the world.
Toms fravær blev noteret i udskriften.	Tom's absence was noted in the transcript.
Marys fravær blev noteret i udskriften.	Mary's absence was noted in the transcript.
Der er stadig mange ting, vi ikke ved.	There are still many things we don't know.
Der er stadig mange ting, vi ikke ved om virussen.	There are still many things we don't know about the virus.
Der er stadig mange ting, vi ikke ved om universet.	There are still many things we don't know about the universe.
Der er stadig mange ting, vi ikke ved om neandertalerne.	There are still many things we don't know about the Neanderthals.
En ny næbhvalart, kaldet Berardius minimus, blev opdaget omkring Hokkaidos kyst.	A new beaked whale species, called Berardius minimus, was discovered around the coast of Hokkaido.
Næbhvaler foretrækker dybt hav.	Beaked whales prefer deep ocean waters.
Næbhvaler kan dykke i meget lang tid.	Beaked whales can dive for a very long time.
Der er stadig mange ting, vi ikke ved om virkningerne af vaping.	There are still many things we don't know about the effects of vaping.
Der er stadig mange ting, vi ikke ved om den menneskelige krops biologi.	There are still many things we don't know about the biology of the human body.
Der er stadig mange ting, vi ikke ved om menneskets biologi.	There are still many things we don't know about human biology.
Der er stadig mange ting, vi ikke ved om åndeverdenen.	There are still many things we don't know about the spirit world.
Hvorfor gaber folk?	Why do people yawn?
Der er stadig mange ting, vi ikke ved om den menneskelige krop.	There are still many things we don't know about the human body.
Der er stadig mange ting, vi ikke ved om Månen.	There are still many things we don't know about the Moon.
Hvorfor elsker zombier hjerner?	Why do zombies love brains?
Hvad gør hjerner så tiltalende for zombier?	What makes brains so appealing to zombies?
Der er stadig mange ting, vi ikke ved om den menneskelige hjerne.	There are still many things we don't know about the human brain.
Der er stadig mange ting, vi ikke ved om vores univers.	There are still many things we don't know about our universe.
Toms frygt gik i opfyldelse.	Tom's fears came true.
Marys frygt gik i opfyldelse.	Mary's fears came true.
Tom gjorde mange dumme ting som teenager.	Tom did a lot of stupid things as a teenager.
Mary gjorde mange dumme ting som teenager.	Mary did a lot of stupid things as a teenager.
Mary gjorde mange dumme ting, da hun var ung.	Mary did a lot of stupid things when she was young.
At kysse kan sprede virussen.	Kissing can spread the virus.
Social distancering kommer naturligt for Tom.	Social distancing comes naturally to Tom.
Disneyland er lukket.	Disneyland is closed.
Du kan fange mono ved at kysse.	You can catch mono from kissing­.
Du kan fange COVID-19 ved at kysse.	You can catch COVID-19 from kissing­.
Kan du få mono af et kys?	Can you get mono from a kiss?
Kan du få COVID-19 af et kys?	Can you get COVID-19 from a kiss?
Der er stadig mange ting, vi ikke ved om disse dyr.	There are still many things we don't know about these animals.
Hvorfor er drenge bagud i skolen?	Why are boys falling behind at school?
Hvorfor er mænd tiltrukket af kvinder?	Why are men attracted to women?
Hvorfor er kvinder tiltrukket af mænd?	Why are women attracted to men?
Hvorfor er drenge så søde?	Why are boys so cute?
Hvorfor er piger så attraktive?	Why are girls so attractive?
Hvorfor er fyre så attraktive?	Why are guys so attractive?
Hvorfor er solen så skarp?	Why is the sun so bright?
Hvorfor er vand vådt?	Why is water wet?
Afvisning er bedre end fortrydelse.	Rejection is better than regret.
Den 16. juli 1439 forbød kong Henrik VI kysse i England for at begrænse spredningen af ​​pesten.	On July 16, 1439, King Henry VI banned kissing in England to curtail the spread of the plague.
Hvorfor er friskbagt brød så godt?	Why is freshly baked bread so good?
Hvorfor er dette brød så velsmagende?	Why is this bread so tasty?
Virussen kan overføres ved at kysse.	The virus can be transmitted by kissing.
Virussen kan overføres via spyt.	The virus can be transmitted via saliva.
Tom købte nogle sneakers i begrænset oplag.	Tom bought some limited-edition sneakers.
Tom har en sneaker kollektion.	Tom has a sneaker collection.
Tom er en sneakerhead.	Tom is a sneakerhead.
Tom har mere end 800 par sneakers, men han bruger dem aldrig.	Tom has more than 800 pairs of sneakers, but he never wears them.
Mary spurgte sin veninde, om hun ville med over.	Mary asked her friend if she wanted to come over.
Tom spurgte sin ven, om han ville med over.	Tom asked his friend if he wanted to come over.
Tom spurgte sin ven, om hun ville med over.	Tom asked his friend if she wanted to come over.
Tom spurgte Mary, om hun ville komme over.	Tom asked Mary if she wanted to come over.
Tom praktiserer social distancering.	Tom is practicing social distancing.
Value Village-steder over hele Canada lukker af bekymring for coronavirus-pandemien.	Value Village locations across Canada are closing out of concern for the coronavirus pandemic.
Tom er ikke særlig rørende.	Tom is not very touchy-feely.
Mary er berørt.	Mary is touchy-feely.
Tom bruger normalt dating-apps.	Tom normally uses dating apps.
Vi fortalte aldrig hinanden, hvordan vi havde det.	We never told each other how we felt.
De fortalte aldrig hinanden, hvordan de havde det.	They never told each other how they felt.
Tom og Mary fortalte aldrig hinanden, hvordan de havde det.	Tom and Mary never told each other how they felt.
Jeg er ikke en jaloux person.	I'm not a jealous person.
Jeg er normalt ikke en jaloux person.	I'm not normally a jealous person.
Skal jeg risikere alt for kærligheden?	Should I risk everything for love?
Tom risikerede alt for kærligheden.	Tom risked everything for love.
Mary risikerede alt for kærligheden.	Mary risked everything for love.
Tom besluttede at risikere alt for kærligheden.	Tom decided to risk everything for love.
De besluttede at risikere alt for kærligheden.	They decided to risk everything for love.
Tom og Mary besluttede at risikere alt for kærligheden.	Tom and Mary decided to risk everything for love.
Af de 1,5 billioner dollars i studiegæld ejes en tredjedel af kun 6% af alle låntagere af studielån, ifølge Brookings Institution.	Of the $1.5 trillion in student debt, one-third is owned by only 6% of all student loan borrowers, according to the Brookings Institution.
Omkring en fjerdedel af dem med studielån lånte til efteruddannelse, men den fjerdedel ejer omkring halvdelen af ​​al udestående studielånsgæld.	About one-quarter of those with student loans borrowed for graduate school, but that one-quarter owns about half of all outstanding student loan debt.
Amerikanske landmænd står over for en vækstsæson plaget af usikkerhed om efterspørgslen efter deres afgrøder midt i COVID-19-krisen, der rammer den globale økonomi.	U.S. farmers face a growing season plagued by uncertainty about demand for their crops amid the COVID-19 crisis that is battering the global economy.
Vi skal stadig op og fodre dyrene, for de er ligeglade med, om vi har COVID-19 eller ej.	We still have to get up and feed the animals, because they don't really care whether we have COVID-19 or not.
Vi er kun et par uger fra plantning.	We're just a few weeks away from planting.
I Los Angeles, en by, der er berygtet for sine overbelastede veje, er trafikken nu let.	In Los Angeles, a city infamous for its congested roads, traffic is now light.
Legepladserne er tomme.	Playgrounds are empty.
Restauranter er kun åbne for takeaway og levering.	Restaurants are only open for takeout and delivery.
"Uhyggeligt, det er uhyggeligt derude," sagde M.J. Shoenberg, bosiddende i Los Angeles og førskolelærer.	“Eerie, it's eerie out there,” M.J. Shoenberg, a Los Angeles resident and preschool teacher, said.
At gå til købmanden er blevet en stressende oplevelse.	Going to the grocery store has become a stressful experience.
Genstande som toiletpapir, håndsprit og endda æg er svære at finde.	Items such as toilet paper, hand sanitizer and even eggs are hard to find.
Hun bemærkede, at mange mennesker ikke overholdt den anbefalede sociale afstand, mens de ventede i kø for at tjekke ud.	She noticed that many people were not observing the recommended social distancing while waiting in line to check out.
Der er mange spændinger i købmanden.	There is a lot of tension in the grocery store.
"Jeg var glad for, at farmers market var åbent," sagde Shoenberger, som ved et tilfælde så et lille udendørs farmers market ved en park, der bestod af tre sælgere.	“I was glad that the farmers market was open,” said Shoenberger, who by chance saw a small outdoor farmers market by a park that consisted of three vendors.
Hun købte nogle friske grøntsager uden at skulle stå i kø.	She bought some fresh vegetables without having to wait in line.
En af sælgerne, en mexicansk madstandsoperatør, sagde siden pandemien, at han har mistet 80% af sin forretning.	One of the vendors, a Mexican food stand operator, said since the pandemic, he has lost 80% of his business.
Familier tilpasser sig den nye normal.	Families are adjusting to the new normal.
Min yngste siger allerede, at hun savner skolen, og hun savner sine venner, og det er hjerteskærende at høre.	My youngest is already saying she misses school and she misses her friends, and that's heartbreaking to hear.
Det er rart at kunne bruge mere tid sammen.	It's nice to be able to spend more time together.
Italien har lukket alle ikke-nødvendige forretninger.	Italy has closed all nonessential businesses.
Den amerikanske vicepræsident Mike Pence og hans kone, Karen, er begge testet negative for coronavirus.	U.S. Vice President Mike Pence and his wife, Karen, have both tested negative for the coronavirus.
Tyskland, et andet hårdt ramt land, forsøgte at øge antallet af intensivsenge, som nu i alt 28.000, ved at etablere midlertidige hospitaler på hoteller, rehabiliteringsklinikker og andre faciliteter.	Germany, another hard-hit country, was trying to increase the number of intensive care beds, which now total 28,000, by establishing temporary hospitals in hotels, rehabilitation clinics and other facilities.
Coronavirussen kan ramme så mange som 10 millioner tyskere, medmindre der tages passende forholdsregler, herunder social distancering.	The coronavirus could strike as many as 10 million Germans unless proper precautions are taken, including social distancing.
Det tog tre måneder for verden at nå de første 100.000 tilfælde af COVID-19, men kun 12 dage at nå de næste 100.000.	It took three months for the world to reach the first 100,000 cases of COVID-19, but only 12 days to reach the next 100,000.
Unge mennesker er ikke immune over for sygdommen.	Young people are not immune from the disease.
Politiet brugte en drone med en højttaler til at sprede menneskemængden.	The police used a drone with a loudspeaker to disperse the crowd.
Videoudlejningsbutikken sagde, at den ikke ville opkræve nogen forsinkelsesgebyrer.	The video rental store said it would not be charging any late fees.
"I dag har jeg et budskab til unge mennesker: I er ikke uovervindelige," sagde Tedros.	“Today, I have a message for young people: You are not invincible," Tedros said.
Denne virus kan sætte dig på hospitalet i uger eller endda dræbe dig.	This virus could put you in hospital for weeks or even kill you.
Selvom du ikke bliver syg, kan de valg, du træffer om, hvor du går hen, være forskellen mellem liv og død for en anden.	Even if you do not get sick, the choices you make about where you go could be the difference between life and death for someone else.
Tedros sagde, at solidaritet var nøglen til at besejre COVID-19.	Tedros said solidarity was the key to defeating COVID-19.
Vi skal have det sjovt på en eller anden måde.	We have to have fun somehow.
Mary nød et spil beachvolley med sine venner.	Mary enjoyed game of beach volleyball with her friends.
Tom nød et spil beachvolley med sine venner i parken.	Tom enjoyed game of beach volleyball with his friends at the park.
Nogle unge tyske voksne har trodset nedlukningen og holdt såkaldte "corona-fester."	Some young German adults have been defying the lockdown and holding so-called "corona parties."
Det spanske politi bruger helikoptere til at spotte grupper af mennesker, der samles udendørs.	The Spanish police is using helicopters to spot groups of people gathering outdoors.
Vi er heldige; vi er sammen, stadig sunde, uden ekstra krav ud over et par sultne katte.	We are lucky; we are together, still healthy, with no extra demands beyond a pair of hungry cats.
Vi har en bunke bøger at læse.	We have a pile of books to read.
Lisas kæreste, en sportslæge, besluttede at bruge sine forkortede arbejdsdage til at lære elektrisk guitar.	Lisa's boyfriend, a sports doctor, decided to use his shortened work days to learn electric guitar.
Venner og familie sætter Skype- og Zoom-sessioner op for at holde kontakten.	Friends and family are setting up Skype and Zoom sessions to stay in touch.
Politiet bruger droner udstyret med kameraer og højttalere til at finde ulovlige forsamlinger og sprede menneskemængder.	The police use drones equipped with cameras and loudspeakers to find illegal gatherings and disperse crowds.
Tom og Mary tog til afterski-fest.	Tom and Mary went to an après-ski party.
Tom gik til en afterski-bar.	Tom went to an après-ski bar.
Mange turister blev smittet med coronavirus efter at have stået på ski i Østrigs Tyrol-region.	Many tourists became infected with the coronavirus after going skiing in Austria's Tyrol region.
Alpebyen Ischgl i Østrig er blevet et arnested for virussen.	The Alpine town of Ischgl in Austria has become a hotbed for the virus.
Mange internationale skiturister blev smittet og bragte virussen hjem.	Many international ski tourists became infected and brought the virus back home.
Du har nået din grænse for gratis artikler.	You have reached your free article limit.
Coronavirus er en RNA-virus.	The coronavirus is an RNA virus.
Der er stadig mange ting, vi ikke ved om konstruktionen af ​​pyramiderne.	There are still many things we don't know about the construction of the pyramids.
Tom løb for at hente lægen.	Tom ran to fetch the doctor.
Lægen ankom i sin hestetrukne buggy.	The doctor arrived in his horse-drawn buggy.
Hvordan tjener banker penge?	How do banks make money?
De kyssede hinanden farvel.	They kissed each other goodbye.
Tom og Mary kyssede hinanden farvel.	Tom and Mary kissed each other goodbye.
Tom gav Mary et kort kys.	Tom gave Mary a brief kiss.
Han gav hende et kort kys.	He gave her a brief kiss.
Åh, se!	Oh, look!
De kysser!	They're kissing!
Næsten et dusin Saskatchewan-sundhedspersonale testede positivt for COVID-19 efter et curling-spil i Edmonton.	Nearly a dozen Saskatchewan healthcare personnel tested positive for COVID-19 after a curling bonspiel in Edmonton.
Tom lænede sig ned for at kysse Mary, men hun vendte hovedet væk.	Tom leaned down to kiss Mary, but she turned her head away.
Tom var spændt og nervøs på samme tid.	Tom was excited and nervous at the same time.
Mary var spændt og nervøs på samme tid.	Mary was excited and nervous at the same time.
Jeg er i nøjagtig samme situation som dig.	I'm in exactly the same situation as you.
Tom og Mary er i samme situation.	Tom and Mary are in the same situation.
Tom og Mary er begge selvisolerende derhjemme.	Tom and Mary are both self-isolating at home.
Mary malede sine negle.	Mary painted her nails.
Mary malede sine negle.	Mary painted her fingernails.
Mary malede sine tånegle.	Mary painted her toenails.
Hvorfor maler kvinder deres negle? ,	Why do women paint their nails? ​
Plácido Domingo er testet positiv for coronavirus.	Plácido Domingo has tested positive for the coronavirus.
Kansler Angela Merkel er i karantæne efter at have været i kontakt med en læge, der blev testet positiv for coronavirus.	Chancellor Angela Merkel is in quarantine after being in contact with a doctor who tested positive for the coronavirus.
Corona-pandemien fører til informationsoverbelastning for mange mennesker, hvilket ofte gør det vanskeligt at adskille fakta fra fiktion.	The coronavirus pandemic is leading to information overload for many people, often making it difficult to separate fact from fiction.
Sådanne løgne kan bringe folkesundheden i fare, skabe forvirring og frygt og forhindre vigtig information i at nå frem til mennesker under en krise.	Such falsehoods can endanger public health, sow confusion and fear, and prevent important information from reaching people during a crisis.
Bananer forhindrer ikke folk i at fange virussen.	Bananas don't prevent people from catching the virus.
Vi er mere tilbøjelige til at tro på ting, vores venner fortæller os.	We are more likely to believe things our friends tell us.
Vi er mere tilbøjelige til at tro på ting, vores venner fortæller os - det er den menneskelige natur.	We are more likely to believe things our friends tell us — that's human nature.
Vær på vagt over for vigtige oplysninger, der ikke kommer fra en klar, autoritativ kilde, såsom lokale myndigheder og sundhedsafdelinger, eller nationale og internationale folkesundhedsinstitutter såsom Centers for Disease Control and Prevention og Verdenssundhedsorganisationen.	Be wary of important-sounding information that is not coming from a clear, authoritative source, such as local government agencies and health departments, or national and international public health institutes such as the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the World Health Organization.
Silva sagde, at enhver, der søger efter nøjagtige oplysninger om virussen, skal opføre sig lidt som en journalist ved at verificere mistænkelige påstande.	Silva said anyone searching for accurate information about the virus needs to act a little like a journalist by verifying suspicious claims.
Vær på vagt over for oplysninger fra grupper eller nyhedsorganisationer, du ikke kender.	Be wary of information from groups or news organizations you don’t know.
I nogle tilfælde skaber grupper, der spreder misinformation, websteder og konti på sociale medier, der ligner en legitim nyhedsorganisation.	In some cases, groups spreading misinformation create websites and social media accounts that look like a legitimate news organization.
Nyhedshistorier bør indeholde kilden til informationen.	News stories should include the source of the information.
Hvis der ikke er nogen kilde eller tilskrivning, skal du være mistænksom.	If there’s no source or attribution, be suspicious.
Ud over at søge autoritative kilder søger journalister også at bekræfte oplysninger fra flere kilder.	In addition to seeking authoritative sources, journalists also seek to confirm information from multiple sources.
En undersøgelse fra MIT-forskere fra 2018 viste, at falske nyheder rejser hurtigere end rigtige nyheder.	A 2018 study by MIT researchers found that false news travels faster than real news.
Det er fordi det ofte er designet til at fange folks opmærksomhed ved at forbinde med deres følelser, såsom frygt eller forargelse.	That's because it's often designed to grab people's attention by connecting with their emotions, such as fear or outrage.
Pause før genpostering kan redde dig fra forlegenhed og forhindre usandheder i at sprede sig længere.	Pausing before reposting can save you from embarrassment and prevent falsehoods from spreading farther.
Tro ikke på alt, hvad du ser.	Don't believe everything you see.
Dårlige skuespillere og trolde, der ønsker at udnytte folks frygt omkring coronavirus, bruger en række forskellige teknikker til at så forvirring.	Bad actors and trolls looking to exploit people's fears around coronavirus are using a variety of techniques to sow confusion.
Falske nyhedsartikler er kun en lille del af dette.	False news articles are just a small part of this.
Fotos og videoer kan redigeres og ændres.	Photos and videos can be edited and altered.
Virkelige billeder kan præsenteres ude af kontekst.	Real images can be presented out of context.
Amerikanerne har en pligt til ikke at tilføje en i forvejen ængstelig tid ved at sprede misinformation, der kan alarmere andre.	Americans have a duty not to add to an already anxious time by spreading misinformation that could alarm others.
Sundhedsmyndigheder advarer om, at kys - som involverer spyt - hurtigt kan sprede COVID-19.	Health officials warn that kissing – which involves saliva -- can quickly spread COVID-19.
SARS og MERS er eksempler på to tidligere coronavirus.	SARS and MERS are examples of two earlier coronaviruses.
Statens guvernør har beordret alle ikke-nødvendige arbejdere til at blive hjemme og har bedt beboerne om kun at gå ud for dagligvarer eller lejlighedsvis motion.	The state’s governor has ordered all non-essential workers to stay home and has told residents to only go out for groceries or the occasional exercise.
Det efterlader folk med en masse fritid.	That leaves people with a lot of free time.
Efter snestorme og orkaner oplever mange byer babyboom.	After blizzards and hurricanes, many cities see baby booms.
Embedsmænd opfordrer folk til at undgå online dating for nu.	Officials are urging people to avoid online dating for now.
Overvej at tage en pause fra personlige dates.	Consider taking a break from in-person dates.
Videodatoer, sms'er eller chatrum kan være muligheder for dig.	Video dates, texting or chat rooms may be options for you.
Sundhedsmyndigheder anbefaler, at du desinficerer tastaturer og berøringsskærme, som du deler med andre.	Health officials recommend that you disinfect keyboards and touch screens that you share with others.
Du bør undgå tæt kontakt med nogen uden for din husstand.	You should avoid close contact with anyone outside your household.
At kysse kan nemt passere COVID-19.	Kissing can easily pass COVID-19.
Undgå at kysse nogen, der ikke er en del af din lille kreds af nære kontakter.	Avoid kissing anyone who is not part of your small circle of close contacts.
Livet burde ikke føles normalt lige nu, så hvis dit liv stadig føles helt normalt, så spørg dig selv, om du gør det rigtige.	Life shouldn’t feel normal right now, so if your life still feels entirely normal, ask yourself if you are doing the right thing.
Tom sad på en sten.	Tom sat on a rock.
Tom sad på klippen.	Tom sat on the rock.
Tom sad på den store sten.	Tom sat on the large rock.
Tom sad på den store kampesten.	Tom sat on the large boulder.
Tom besteg den store kampesten.	Tom climbed the large boulder.
Tom sad på en sten.	Tom was sitting on a rock.
Mary sad på en sten.	Mary was sitting on a rock.
Jeg håber, Tom bare lavede sjov.	I hope Tom was just joking.
Jeg håber, Mary bare lavede sjov.	I hope Mary was just joking.
Jeg håber, du bare lavede sjov.	I hope you were just joking.
Disneyworld er lukket.	Disneyworld is closed.
Millioner af amerikanere er lørdag under ordre fra deres statslige og lokale regeringer om at blive hjemme og kun vove sig ud for væsentlige behov, herunder ture til apoteker, supermarkeder og tankstationer og solo-motion.	Millions of Americans are under orders Saturday from their state and local governments to stay home, venturing out only for essential needs, including trips to pharmacies, supermarkets, and gas stations, and solo exercise.
Indbyggere i Californien og New York er blevet beordret til at blive hjemme for at hjælpe med at stoppe spredningen af ​​COVID-19.	California and New York residents have been ordered to stay home to help stop the spread of COVID-19.
SARS-CoV-2 har forstyrret selve livsstrukturen rundt om i verden.	SARS-CoV-2 has disrupted the very fabric of life around the world.
Børn går ikke længere i skole.	Children no longer go to school.
Voksne arbejder enten hjemmefra eller er blevet afskediget.	Adults are either working from home or have been laid off.
Bryllupper og sportsbegivenheder er blevet aflyst.	Weddings and sports events have been canceled.
Millioner af mennesker i USA har søgt om arbejdsløshedsforsikring.	Millions of people in the U.S. have applied for unemployment insurance.
Gudstjenestesteder er lukket indtil videre.	Places of worship are closed until further notice.
Intet er det samme.	Nothing is the same.
Læge- og nødhjælpsarbejdere, der er i frontlinjen i kampen mod virussen i USA, er dårligt rustet til kampen.	Medical and emergency workers who are on the front lines of the battle against the virus in the U.S. find themselves ill-equipped for the fight.
Udbuddet af masker og ventilatorer er enten væk eller falder hurtigt.	The supply of masks and ventilators is either gone or quickly diminishing.
Regeringen har været langsom til at handle.	The government has been slow to act.
Cuba, hvis økonomi er stærkt afhængig af turisme, sagde fredag, at det ikke vil tillade udenlandske turister at komme ind i landet	Cuba, whose economy depends heavily on tourism, said Friday it will not allow any foreign tourists to enter the country
Efterhånden som COVID-19 fejer over kloden, er flere og flere mennesker afhængige af e-handel for at få det, de har brug for.	As COVID-19 sweeps the globe, more and more people are relying on e-commerce to get what they need.
Virksomheder oplever et løft i deres onlinesalg.	Businesses are seeing a boost in their online sales.
I Afrika syd for Sahara bruger kun omkring 25% af befolkningen internettet, ifølge Verdensbankens estimat fra 2017.	In Sub-Saharan Africa, only about 25% of the population uses the internet, according to 2017 World Bank estimate.
Gerardo planlægger at flytte ind hos sin mor og søster igen.	Gerardo plans to move back in with his mother and sister.
Nu hvor restauranten, hvor han arbejder på fuld tid, er lukket, planlægger serveren Gerardo Espiell, 23, at flytte tilbage til sin mor og søster for at klare sig.	Now that the restaurant where he works full time is closed, server Gerardo Espiell, 23, plans to move back in with his mother and sister to make ends meet.
"Helt ærligt, det er lidt skørt," siger han.	“Honestly, it’s kind of crazy,” he says.
Jeg er meget rolig over alt.	I’m very calm about everything.
Jeg tager det bare dag for dag.	I’m just taking it day by day.
Jeg har noget PTO (betalt fri) opsparet, så jeg bruger min PTO.	I have some PTO (paid time off) saved up, so I’m using my PTO.
Familierestauranten ejes af hendes mor, Delores.	The family restaurant is owned by her mother, Delores.
Hendes mand arbejder der også.	Her husband works there, too.
"Det er overvældende," siger hun.	“It’s overwhelming,” she says.
Vi lever af denne mad i restaurantens køleskab lige nu.	We’re living off this food in the restaurant refrigerator right now.
Vi lever af denne mad i restaurantens køleskab lige nu.	We’re living off this food in the restaurant refrigerator right now.
Vi tager det med hjem til vores familier.	We’re taking it home to our families.
Percy Saloman, der kører for en tur-hilling-tjeneste i Virginia, arbejder stadig, men han lægger længere timer for færre penge.	Percy Saloman, who drives for a ride-hailing service in Virginia, is still working, but he’s putting in longer hours for less money.
"Ja, jeg er bekymret, for lige nu er dette mit andet skift, og jeg tjente kun 70 dollars.	“Yeah, I’m worried, because right now, this is my second shift, and I only made like $70.
Og normalt slutter jeg af med omkring 150 dollars eller noget,« siger han.	And usually, I finish with around $150 or something,” he says.
Virksomheder, der anses for at være uvæsentlige, lukker.	Businesses that are deemed as nonessential are closing.
Omkring hver sjette arbejdstager, omkring 17 % af de amerikanske ansatte, kan blive påvirket af social distancering, ifølge en analyse fra Ball State University.	About one in six workers, some 17% of U.S. employees, could be impacted by social distancing, according to an analysis from Ball State University.
Disse tal tæller ret hurtigt.	Those numbers add up pretty quickly.
Tallene stiger ret hurtigt.	The numbers add up pretty quickly.
Syndi og hendes mand, en tatovør, hvis forretning også lider, lever af penge, de har sparet.	Syndi and her husband, a tattoo artist whose business is also suffering, are living off money they’ve saved.
Jeg er heldig at have nogle opsparinger.	I'm lucky to have some savings.
Vi er heldige at have nogle besparelser.	We're lucky to have some savings.
Tom og Mary er heldige at have nogle opsparinger.	Tom and Mary are lucky to have some savings.
Tom er heldig at have nogle opsparinger.	Tom is lucky to have some savings.
"Jeg er bekymret.	"I'm worried.
Jeg er heldig at have nogle opsparinger, og jeg ved, at mange mennesker ikke har det," siger Brooks.	I'm lucky to have some savings, and I know a lot of people don't," Brooks says.
Det var ikke det, vi havde til hensigt at spare op til.	This wasn't what we intended to save for.
Vi havde tænkt os at spare op til et hus.	We were intending to save for a house.
"Indtil videre er det eneste, jeg kan gøre dag for dag, bare at blive ved med at arbejde længere vagter for at kunne levere den samme indkomst, som jeg førte," siger han.	“So far, the only thing that I can do day by day, is just to keep working longer shifts to be able to provide the same income that I was bringing in before,” he says.
Travle gader rundt om i verden ligner typisk scener fra postapokalyptiske film.	Typically busy streets around the world look like scenes from post-apocalyptic movies.
I Bangkok er gaderne øde, bortset fra militærlastbiler og arbejdere i hazmat-dragter.	In Bangkok, the streets are deserted except for military trucks and workers in hazmat suits.
Dette er den nye normal.	This is the new normal.
Ligesom et stigende antal lande verden over, er Frankrig under lockdown for at bremse spredningen af ​​coronavirus.	Like a growing number of countries worldwide, France is under lockdown to slow the spread of the coronavirus.
I Frankrig anses en frisk baguette for at være lige så nødvendig som medicin.	In France, a fresh baguette is considered as necessary as medicine.
Floridianere er ikke fremmede for naturkatastrofer.	Floridians aren't strangers to natural disasters.
Florida er berømt for sine orkaner og oversvømmelser.	Florida is famous for its hurricanes and floods.
Lokalbefolkningen ved, hvordan man forbereder sig på nødsituationer.	Locals know how to prepare for emergencies.
Corona-pandemien, der rystede verden i de sidste uger, har påvirket "Solskinsstaten" mere, end beboerne kunne have forestillet sig.	The coronavirus pandemic that shook the world in the last weeks has affected the “Sunshine state” more than residents could have imagined.
Francis Suarez, borgmesteren i Miami, testede positiv for COVID-19.	Francis Suarez, the mayor of Miami, tested positive for COVID-19.
Der er stadig meget, eksperter ikke ved om den nye coronavirus.	There is still much experts don't know about the new coronavirus.
Du kan ikke få coronavirus gennem myggestik.	You cannot get the coronavirus through mosquito bites.
Koldt vejr dræber ikke virussen.	Cold weather does not kill the virus.
At spise hvidløg vil ikke skade dig, og det vil heller ikke beskytte dig mod virussen.	Eating garlic will not hurt you nor will it protect you from the virus.
Hjemmebehandlinger, herunder at sprøjte dig selv med blegemiddel eller alkohol eller stikke dine hænder under ultraviolet lys, er ikke kun ubrugelige mod virussen, men også skadelige for huden.	Home treatments including spraying yourself with bleach or alcohol or sticking your hands under ultraviolet light are not only useless against the virus, but harmful to the skin.
Den bedste måde at forhindre coronavirus på, siger WHO, er at bruge sund fornuft såsom håndvask og social distancering.	The best way to prevent coronavirus, the WHO says, is using common sense such as hand-washing and social distancing.
En fransk minister i regeringen beklagede mandag det store antal unge mennesker, der ignorerer anbefalingerne og stadig pakker strande eller hvilken bar, de finder åben.	One French government minister Monday lamented the large number of young people who are ignoring the recommendations and still packing beaches or whatever bar they find open.
Han kaldte dem "imbeciler".	He called them "imbeciles."
Japans premierminister Shinzo Abe sagde, at de Olympiske Sommerlege i Tokyo 2020 muligvis skal udsættes.	Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said the 2020 Tokyo Summer Olympic Games may have to be postponed.
Tom rensede sin mobiltelefon.	Tom cleaned his mobile phone.
Tom rensede sin telefon.	Tom cleaned his phone.
Tom rensede sin smartphone.	Tom cleaned his smartphone.
U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention anbefaler at rengøre alle "high-touch" overflader hver dag, såsom telefoner, tastaturer og computere.	The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recommends cleaning all “high-touch” surfaces every day, like phones, keyboards and computers.
Virussen kan leve i tre dage på plastik og rustfrit stål.	The virus can live for three days on plastic and stainless steel.
Virussen overføres, når vi rører ved en forurenet overflade, som at trykke din kind mod en telefonskærm.	The virus is transmitted when we touch a contaminated surface, like pressing your cheek against a phone screen.
Start med at slukke telefonen og tage stikket ud.	Start by turning the phone off and unplugging it.
Du vil sikre dig, at din telefon ikke oplader, når du rengør den.	You want to make sure your phone is not charging when you clean it.
Lad være med at gøre telefonen våd.	Don’t get the phone wet.
Briter er blevet opfordret til ikke at besøge deres mødre søndag, da landet fejrer mors dag midt i et forværret coronavirus-udbrud.	Britons have been urged to not visit their mothers Sunday as the country celebrates Mother’s Day amid a worsening coronavirus outbreak.
Mange briter tog til sociale medier søndag for at skrive om, hvordan de ville ønske deres mødre en glædelig mors dag uden at risikere at udsætte dem for virussen.	Many Britons took to social media Sunday to post about how they would wish their mothers a happy Mother’s Day without risking exposing them to the virus.
Efterhånden som flere mennesker i hele USA bliver hjemme på grund af truslen fra coronavirus, lærer de at tilpasse sig en ny livsstil.	As more people across the US stay home due to the threat of the coronavirus, they are learning to adapt to a new way of life.
Tom købte kun det, han havde brug for, i butikken.	Tom bought only what he needed from the store.
Mary lavede cupcakes.	Mary made cupcakes.
Mary pyntede cupcaken.	Mary decorated the cupcake.
"Coronavirussen bremser vores økonomi til næsten stilstand," sagde Senatets mindretalsleder Chuck Schumer fra New York i Senatet i sidste uge.	“The coronavirus is slowing our economy to a near standstill,” Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer of New York said on the Senate floor last week.
Vi forventer næsten helt sikkert en recession.	We're almost certainly anticipating a recession.
"I dagevis har vi levet i frygt for virussen, og så vågnede vi op til den ødelæggende kraft af et jordskælv," sagde Maja Beck, der forfærdet så på, mens tingene raslede omkring hende.	“For days we have lived in fear of the virus and then we woke up to the destructive force of an earthquake,” said Maja Beck, who watched in horror as things rattled around her.
“Oprindeligt annullerede en ny rædsel den anden.	“Initially, a new horror, annulled the other.
Men i sidste ende viste virussen sig at være meget mere dødelig, og den er ikke overstået endnu,” tilføjede hun.	But in the end, the virus turned out to be much more deadly and it is not over yet,” she added.
Skal jeg overnatte hjemme eller tage tilbage til min vens hus?	Should I spend the night at home or go back to my friend's house?
En del af Kroatien blev raslet af et kraftigt jordskælv på 5,5 efterfulgt af en række efterskælv.	Part of Croatia was rattled by a strong 5.5 earthquake, followed by a series of aftershocks.
Den historiske kerne af hovedstaden Zagreb led store skader, men der skete ikke noget øjeblikkeligt menneskeligt tab.	The historic core of the capital Zagreb suffered heavy damages, but there was no immediate human loss.
Læger kæmper for at redde livet på en 15-årig pige, som først mentes at være død, da redningsfolk trak hende fra en bunke murbrokker.	Physicians are fighting to save the life of a 15-year-old girl who was first believed to be dead when rescuers pulled her from a pile of rubble.
For at gøre ondt værre var morgenen usædvanlig kold.	To make matters worse, the morning was exceptionally cold.
Mange husstande mistede vand, gas eller elektricitet.	Many households lost water, gas or electricity.
Tom mistede sin internetforbindelse.	Tom lost his internet connection.
Jordskælvet beskadigede mange gamle bygninger.	The earthquake damaged many old buildings.
De to indledende jordskælv blev efterfulgt af mindst 100 efterskælv, hvilket forårsagede panik og tvang folk på gaden, lige efter at myndighederne havde indført strenge karantæneregler og sanktioner for at bryde dem.	The two initial quakes were followed by at least 100 aftershocks, causing panic and forcing people into the street just after authorities imposed strict quarantine rules and penalties for breaking them.
Regeringen og sundhedsmyndighederne reagerede hurtigt og effektivt.	The government and health authorities responded promptly and efficiently.
Drengen bad pigen om at danse.	The boy asked the girl to dance.
Drengen spurgte pigen, om hun ville danse.	The boy asked the girl if she wanted to dance.
Dine hænder er som is.	Your hands are like ice.
Nigeria har advaret mod at bruge stoffet chloroquin til at bekæmpe COVID-19, efter at tre personer blev indlagt på hospitalet efter at have overdoseret det.	Nigeria has warned against using the drug chloroquine to fight COVID-19 after three people were hospitalized after overdosing on it.
Wall Street havde en rekorddag tirsdag med investorer, der var optimistiske om, at den økonomiske lettelse fra Kongressen for coronavirus-pandemien kan være meget tæt på.	Wall Street had a record-setting day Tuesday with investors optimistic that economic relief from Congress for the coronavirus pandemic may be very close.
Dow Jones Industrial Average skød mere end 2.100 point op - dens højeste pointstigning på én dag i historien - en stigning på 11 %, der bragte Dow tilbage over 20.000-mærket.	The Dow Jones Industrial Average shot up more than 2,100 points — its highest one-day point gain in history — an 11% rise that put the Dow back over the 20,000 mark.
Wall Street er stadig i, hvad investorer kalder et bjørnemarked, hvor vilde op- og nedsving i aktiekurserne er almindelige.	Wall Street is still in what investors call a bear market, where wild up and down swings in stock prices are common.
I Italien har Veneto-regionen indledt massescreening af borgere for at finde asymptomatiske bærere af coronavirus.	In Italy, the Veneto region has initiated mass screening of citizens to find asymptomatic carriers of coronavirus.
Formålet med massescreeningen er at identificere alle dem, der bærer COVID-19, men ikke viser symptomer.	The aim of the mass screening is to identify all those who are carrying COVID-19 but show no symptoms.
Professor Crisanti sagde, at epidemier skal bekæmpes på tre fronter: med hospitalsindlæggelse og intensiv pleje, med disciplin i hjemmet, der begrænser alle sociale kontakter og med aktiv overvågning, det vil sige at identificere alle dem, der ikke er klar over, at de kan overføre en sygdom.	Professor Crisanti said epidemics must be fought on three fronts: with hospitalization and intensive care, with discipline at home limiting all social contacts and with active surveillance, that is, identifying all those who are unaware they can transmit a disease.
I denne uge lukkede tusindvis af amerikanske skoler, da embedsmænd forsøgte at begrænse den nye coronavirus.	This week, thousands of U.S. schools closed as officials sought to contain the new coronavirus.
Skolelukninger giver nye udfordringer for familier, der er afhængige af skolernes gratis måltider, og som ikke har den nødvendige teknologi til, at deres børn kan studere derhjemme.	School closures present new challenges for families who rely on the schools’ free meals and who don’t have the technology needed for their children to study at home.
Verdenssundhedsorganisationen sagde tirsdag, at USA snart kan blive epicentret for coronavirus-pandemien.	The World Health Organization said Tuesday the United States could soon become the epicenter of the coronavirus pandemic.
Tom begyndte gradvist at miste lugtesansen.	Tom gradually began to lose his sense of smell.
At miste lugtesansen kan være et symptom på COVID-19.	Losing your sense of smell can be a symptom of COVID-19.
Håndsprit er et af de produkter, amerikanere har opmagasineret under coronavirus-udbruddet.	Hand sanitizer is one of the products Americans have been stockpiling during the coronavirus outbreak.
I stedet for at producere whisky, gin eller vodka har Falls Church Distillers travlt med at lave håndsprit med højt alkoholindhold.	Instead of producing whiskey, gin or vodka, Falls Church Distillers is busy making high-alcohol-content hand sanitizers.
Destilleriarbejdere siger, at de er glade for at ændre deres forretningsmodel, fordi det hjælper lokalsamfundet, samtidig med at de holder dem beskæftiget.	Distillery workers say they’re happy to shift their business model because it helps the local community while also keeping them employed.
"Jeg gik på Amazon bare for at se på, hvad der var tilgængeligt på Amazon, og det ser ud til, at folk snyder alle," siger medarbejder Kallie Stavros.	“I went on Amazon just to look at what was available on Amazon and it looks like people are ripping everyone off," says employee Kallie Stavros.
Det er rart bare at hjælpe lokalsamfundet og stadig have et arbejde.	It's nice to just kind of help the local community and still have a job.
Jeg føler mig virkelig heldig lige nu.	I feel really lucky right now.
Storbritanniens prins Charles, arvingen til tronen, er testet positiv for coronavirus, meddelte Buckingham Palace onsdag.	Britain's Prince Charles, the heir to the throne, has tested positive for the coronavirus, Buckingham Palace announced Wednesday.
Paladset sagde, at prinsen, 71, kun havde milde symptomer og ellers var ved godt helbred.	The palace said the prince, 71, had only mild symptoms and was otherwise in good health.
Den kommende britiske konge isolerer sig på Balmoral Castle i Skotland sammen med sin kone, Camilla.	The future British king is self-isolating at Balmoral Castle in Scotland, with his wife, Camilla.
Prins Charles mødte sidst sin mor, dronning Elizabeth, den 9. marts.	Prince Charles last met his mother, Queen Elizabeth, on March 9.
Prinsens officielle bolig i London, Clarence House, udsendte en erklæring, der sagde, at det var umuligt at fastslå, hvor han fangede virussen, på grund af det høje antal engagementer, han udførte i sin offentlige rolle i de seneste uger.	The prince’s official London residence, Clarence House, issued a statement saying it was impossible to ascertain where he caught the virus, owing to the high number of engagements he carried out in his public role during recent weeks.
Dronning Elizabeth har forladt London for at blive i Windsor Castle uden for hovedstaden sammen med sin mand, prins Philip.	Queen Elizabeth has left London to stay in Windsor Castle outside the capital, with her husband, Prince Philip.
Dronning Elizabeth udsendte en erklæring om coronavirus-pandemien i sidste uge og sagde, at "vi alle har en afgørende vigtig rolle at spille som individer - i dag og i de kommende dage, uger og måneder."	Queen Elizabeth issued a statement on the coronavirus pandemic last week, saying that “we all have a vitally important part to play as individuals — today, and in coming days, weeks and months.”
Turister er næsten forsvundet fra hovedstaden.	Tourists have all but disappeared from the capital.
Globale aktieindeks steg onsdag, da amerikanske regeringsledere blev enige om en redningspakke på 2 billioner dollar til verdens største økonomi.	Global stock indexes surged Wednesday as U.S. government leaders agreed on a $2 trillion rescue package for the world’s largest economy.
Borgmesteren i Bergamo, Giorgio Gori, siger, at hans provins, ligesom mange andre i Italien, ikke var forberedt på coronavirus-udbruddet.	The mayor of Bergamo, Giorgio Gori, says his province, like many others in Italy, were not prepared for the coronavirus outbreak.
Et tilfælde af lungebetændelse på et hospital i Bergamo-provinsen i slutningen af ​​februar blev ikke anerkendt som coronavirus på det tidspunkt.	A case of pneumonia at a hospital in Bergamo province in late February was not recognized as coronavirus at the time.
Gori mener, at patienten inficerede andre, herunder læger og sygeplejersker.	Gori believes that patient infected others, including doctors and nurses.
Gori siger, at en anden begivenhed også menes at være ansvarlig for den hurtige spredning af virussen i hans provins: en Champions League-fodboldkamp, ​​der blev spillet den 19. februar.	Gori says another event is also believed responsible for the rapid spread of the virus in his province: a Champions League soccer game played February 19.
Hospitaler i Bergamo-provinsen er siden blevet overvældet med patienter.	Hospitals in the province of Bergamo have since been overwhelmed with patients.
Dødstallet er ikke holdt op med at stige, og provinsen havde ingen steder at tage lig.	The death toll has not stopped rising and the province had nowhere to take bodies.
Regeringen var tvunget til at anmode om hjælp fra begravelsestjenester i andre italienske regioner.	The government was forced to request help from funeral services of other Italian regions.
Hæren hjalp med at tage mange af ligene til krematorier i andre byer.	The army helped to take many of the bodies to crematoriums in other cities.
Kommissæren sagde, at Italien står over for en nødsituation uden fortilfælde, og at alle skal gøre deres yderste for at sikre, at "denne nødsituation ikke spreder sig til de regioner, hvor den hidtil har været indeholdt."	The commissioner said Italy is facing an emergency without precedent and everyone must do their utmost to ensure that “this emergency does not spread to those regions where so far it has been contained.”
Istanbul er Tyrkiets største by.	Istanbul is Turkey's largest city.
Istanbul har en befolkning på mere end 16 millioner mennesker.	Istanbul has a population of more than 16 million people.
Istanbul tegner sig for en femtedel af Tyrkiets befolkning.	Istanbul accounts for a fifth of Turkey's population.
Hver nat over hele Istanbul, ligesom i andre tyrkiske byer, jubler og fløjter folk fra deres balkoner eller vinduer til støtte for landets læger.	Every night across Istanbul, like in other Turkish towns and cities, people cheer and whistle from their balconies or windows in support of the country's medical workers.
Med sin kultur af gaderestauranter er Istanbul en by, der elsker at bo udenfor.	With its culture of street restaurants, Istanbul is a city that loves to live outside.
Nu er gaderne stille og tomme, blottet for travle borde med kunder, der nyder byens berømte kulinariske fornøjelser.	Now, the streets are silent and empty, devoid of bustling tables of customers enjoying the city's famed culinary pleasures.
Selv bønner i moskeer er suspenderet, muligvis den første i byens lange historie.	Even prayers at mosques are suspended, possibly a first in the city's long history.
I sin 3.000-årige historie har Istanbul stået over for plager og invasioner.	In its 3,000-year history Istanbul has faced plagues and invasions.
Den forbereder sig nu på denne seneste udfordring.	It is now bracing itself for this latest challenge.
Istanbuls borgmester, Ekrem Imamoglu, opfordrer folket til at forblive stærke i forhold til COVID-19-pandemien.	Istanbul's mayor, Ekrem Imamoglu, is calling on the people to stay strong in the face of the COVID-19 pandemic.
Folk over 65 år fik forbud mod at forlade hjemmet.	People over 65 were banned from leaving home.
Social distancering er et af de bedste værktøjer, vi har til at begrænse denne virus.	Social distancing is one of the best tools we have to contain this virus.
Social distancering er et af de bedste værktøjer, vi har til at bekæmpe COVID-19.	Social distancing is one of the best tools we have to fight COVID-19.
Storbritannien sluttede sig til flere andre europæiske lande for at beordre lukning af alle ikke-nødvendige butikker og tjenester.	Britain joined several other European countries in ordering the closure of all non-essential shops and services.
Mad er ikke det eneste, folk har fyldt op med i Californien - der er også køer foran nogle våbenbutikker.	Food is not the only thing people have been stocking up on in California – there are also lines in front of some gun stores.
OL i 2020 er blevet forsinket i omkring et år.	The 2020 Olympics have been delayed for about a year.
Tom havde aldrig været igennem en pandemi før.	Tom had never been through a pandemic before.
Pandemier er ikke sjove.	Pandemics are not fun.
Tom kan ikke lide pandemier.	Tom doesn't like pandemics.
Tom fyldte hele sit hus med toiletpapir.	Tom filled his whole house with toilet paper.
Tom købte nogle babygulerødder.	Tom bought some baby carrots.
Tom læste en bog om den spanske syge i 1918.	Tom read a book about the Spanish flu of 1918.
Politiet bad kriminelle om at stoppe deres kriminelle aktiviteter.	The police department asked criminal to stop their criminal activities.
Politiet bad kriminelle om at stoppe deres kriminelle aktiviteter på grund af COVID-19.	The police department asked criminal to stop their criminal activities due to COVID-19.
Salt Lake City politiafdeling bad om, at alle kriminelle aktiviteter/fornærmende adfærd ophører indtil videre på grund af COVID-19.	The Salt Lake City police department asked that all criminal activities/nefarious behavior cease until further notice due to COVID-19.
Politiet bad alle kriminelle aktiviteter og ondskabsfuld adfærd ophøre.	The police department asked all criminal activities and nefarious behavior to cease.
Hjemvendte fra vestlige lande bringer en ny bølge af coronavirus-tilfælde til dele af Asien som Hong Kong og Taiwan, ligesom sundhedsmyndighederne dér fik deres udbrud under kontrol.	Returnees from Western countries are bringing a new wave of coronavirus cases to parts of Asia such as Hong Kong and Taiwan just as health authorities there were getting their outbreaks under control.
Folk, der flyver fra stærkt inficerede steder som Vesteuropa og USA, bragte nye tilfælde af COVID-19.	People deplaning from heavily infected places such as Western Europe and the United States brought new cases of COVID-19.
Tom smurte sit brød.	Tom buttered his bread.
Vatikanet inviterer kristne over hele verden til at slutte sig til pave Frans i bøn mod coronavirus-pandemien.	The Vatican is inviting Christians around the world to join Pope Francis in prayer against the coronavirus pandemic.
Den britiske regering forbød mandag forsamlinger af mere end to personer - medmindre de er fra samme husstand.	The British government Monday banned gatherings of more than two people — unless they're from the same household.
Naboer på den britiske gade trak sig i denne uge sammen for at hjælpe en otte-årig pige med at fejre sin fødselsdag, efter at reglerne om spærring af coronavirus efterlod hende fast i sit hus.	Neighbors on British street this week pulled together to help an eight-year-old girl celebrate her birthday after coronavirus lockdown regulations left her stuck in her house.
Hele gaden i et kvarter i Southhampton sang onsdag "Happy Birthday" ud af vinduerne for pigen - ved navn "Sophia" - som stod udenfor sit hjem i tårer, mens hun lyttede.	The entire street in a Southhampton neighborhood Wednesday sang “Happy Birthday” out their windows for the girl — named “Sophia” — who stood outside her home in tears as she listened.
Tysklands underhus i parlamentet - Forbundsdagen - godkendte onsdag en hjælpepakke på 814 milliarder dollar for at afbøde økonomien fra den direkte virkning af coronavirus-udbruddet.	Germany's lower house of Parliament - the Bundestag - approved an $814 billion aid package Wednesday to cushion the economy from the direct impact of the coronavirus outbreak.
For at finansiere nødforanstaltningerne planlægger kansler Angela Merkels regering at påtage sig mere end 168 milliarder dollars i ny gæld for første gang siden 2013.	In order to fund the emergency measures, Chancellor Angela Merkel's government is planning to take on more than $168 billion in new debt for the first time since 2013.
For en sikkerheds skyld var medlemmer af parlamentet spredt vidt fra hinanden under debatten i Berlins rigsdagsbygning til sessionen.	As a precaution, members of Parliament were spaced widely apart during the debate in Berlin's Reichstag building for the session.
Klasser er flyttet online.	Classes have moved online.
Undgå at røre ved dine øjne, næse og mund.	Avoid touching your eyes, nose and mouth.
Det var for hårdt af dig.	That was too harsh of you.
At gå til koncert er anderledes end bare at gå på nettet for at finde musik.	Going to a concert is different than just going online to find music.
Man mærker virkelig stemningen og spændingen.	You really feel the atmosphere and the tension.
Jeg kan gøre dette uden hjælp.	I can do this without any help.
Hvad hedder din storebror?	What's your older brother's name?
Det er ikke en bank.	It's not a bank.
På den fabrik bygger de legetøj.	In that factory they build toys.
Kreativitet elsker begrænsninger.	Creativity loves constraints.
Dine hjul er ude af justering.	Your wheels are out of alignment.
Du skal aflevere bilen til service.	You need to take the car in for service.
Vi kan bruge bøjler til at justere dine tænder bedre.	We can use braces to align your teeth better.
Der er fire måder at ændre forfatningen på.	There are four ways to amend the Constitution.
For at finde en ordentlig løsning er vi nødt til at vide, hvilke begrænsninger vi står over for.	In order to find a proper solution, we need to know which constraints we face.
De sender fire charterbusser for at hente alle.	They will dispatch four charter buses to pick everyone up.
De nægter at afsætte nok midler til at købe nye ventilatorer.	They refuse to allocate enough funds to buy new ventilators.
Generisk medicin er næsten altid billigere.	Generic medications are almost always cheaper.
Den forespørgsel finder ingen resultater.	That query does not find any results.
Lederen vil være den, der beslutter at acceptere betegnelsen.	The leader will be whoever decides to accept the designation.
Vi giver dig en dispensation, der fritager dig for at betale gebyret.	We'll give you a waiver that exempts you from paying the fee.
Samlet set er de en god nok gruppe, men der er nogle modbydelige individer blandt dem.	In the aggregate, they're a nice enough group, but there are some obnoxious individuals among them.
Den definition, du gav, omfatter ikke noget af den variation, vi ser.	The definition you gave fails to encompass some of the variation we see.
Har du noget religiøst tilhørsforhold?	Do you have any religious affiliation?
Vi har flere potentielle nye medlemmer.	We have several prospective new members.
Jeg håber, de vil slutte sig til os.	I hope they will join us.
De vil bygge et hotel i nærheden af ​​stranden.	They want to build a hotel in proximity to the beach.
Hvis du ikke er forsigtig, vil du få uoverkommelige udgifter.	If you are not careful, you will incur prohibitive expenses.
Lad ikke overtro hæmme dig.	Do not let superstition impede you.
Dette er det forkerte tidspunkt at påberåbe sig patriotisme.	This is the wrong time to invoke patriotism.
Er du villig til at give en lille indrømmelse for at nå dit mål?	Are you willing to make a small concession in order to achieve your goal?
Verifikation af data er en to-trins proces.	Verification of the data is a two-step process.
Vi kan konsolidere dine opsparingskonti.	We can consolidate your savings accounts.
Uden formidling af fakta vil konspirationsteorier florere.	Without dissemination of the facts, conspiracy theories will abound.
Den udeladelse siger meget om hans prioriteringer.	That omission says a lot about his priorities.
Den fond er steget en del i værdi siden starten.	That fund has risen in value quite a bit since its inception.
Vi bør sætte børn i stand til at styrke sig selv.	We should enable children to empower themselves.
Vi kan ikke gøre det for dem.	We can't do it for them.
Du nævnte ikke den begrænsning, da vi skrev kontrakten.	You didn't mention that restriction when we were writing up the contract.
I mellemtiden vil jeg fungere som formand.	In the interim, I will serve as chairman.
Fordelene vil være mangfoldige.	The benefits will be manifold.
Hun er rimelig, omend streng.	She is reasonable, albeit strict.
Udrulning af produktet kan ikke finde sted før januar.	Deployment of the product cannot take place before January.
De hilser din kone med venlig hilsen.	They extend kind regards to your wife.
Hvis de modtog nogen form for vederlag, kunne de ikke længere kalde sig frivillige.	If they received any kind of remuneration, they could no longer call themselves volunteers.
Husk at se efter modkørende, inden du flettes til venstre.	Remember to look for oncoming traffic before you merge left.
Manglen på indvendinger vil kun tjene til at forstærke deres fordomme.	The lack of objection will only serve to reinforce their prejudices.
Der skal være en distributør, som har de dele på lager.	There must be a distributor who has those parts in stock.
Uden en forundersøgelse giver det ingen mening overhovedet at tænke på at begynde projektet.	Without a feasibility study, it makes no sense to even think about beginning the project.
Du skal bruge en parameter til at fange metallets stivhed.	You need a parameter to capture the stiffness of the metal.
Vi skal have et helhedssyn, hvis vi vil have en praktisk løsning.	We need to take a holistic view if we want a practical solution.
Husk at gemme dine kvitteringer til senere tilbagebetaling.	Remember to save your receipts for later reimbursement.
Det forekommer mig at være en ret patetisk forhåbning.	That seems to me a rather pathetic aspiration.
Er du autoriseret til at fungere som hendes fuldmægtig?	Are you authorized to act as her proxy?
Nej, dette er ikke en henvisning.	No, this is not a referral.
Jeg fandt dit navn på egen hånd.	I found your name on my own.
Vi bliver nødt til at hjemvise sagen til en højere domstol.	We will need to remit the case to a superior court.
Hendes indkomst placerer hende i den højeste skatteklasse.	Her income puts her into the highest tax bracket.
Hvis du accepterer bindende voldgift, kan du miste nogle af dine rettigheder.	If you agree to binding arbitration, you may forfeit some of your rights.
Lad os se, om vi kan strømline processen ved at involvere færre instanser.	Let's see whether we can streamline the process by involving fewer agencies.
Der var en gennemgående grim undertone i deres skrifter.	There was a pervasive nasty undertone in their writings.
Denne diskussion vedrører ikke dig.	This discussion does not pertain to you.
Se afsnittet nedenfor for at bestemme din berettigelse.	See the section below to determine your eligibility.
Der er én advarsel: behandlingen virker ikke altid.	There is one caveat: the treatment does not always work.
Jeg ved ikke, om vi kan løse problemet, men vi kan afbøde virkningerne.	I don't know whether we can fix the problem, but we can mitigate its effects.
De sidste to måneder har dit overskud udlignet dine udgifter.	For the last two months, your profit has offset your expenses.
Det er et helejet datterselskab, men det bevarer en vis uafhængighed af moderselskabet.	It's a wholly-owned subsidiary, but it maintains some independence from its parent company.
Lad os skrive en tidslinje, så vi kan finde ud af, hvornår tingene gik galt.	Let's write up a timeline so that we can figure out when things went wrong.
Udsagnet ser ud til at give mening, men under nærmere undersøgelse falder det fra hinanden.	The statement seems to make sense, but under further scrutiny, it falls apart.
Jeg gemmer alle mine diverse filer i denne mappe.	I keep all my miscellaneous files in this folder.
Det er kun en trinvis forbedring i forhold til, hvad vi havde før, men det viser i det mindste nogle fremskridt.	It's only an incremental improvement over what we had before, but at least it demonstrates some progress.
I øjeblikket løser vi kun problemer i softwaren.	At the moment, we are only fixing problems in the software.
Vi accepterer ikke anmodninger om forbedringer.	We are not accepting enhancement requests.
Set i bakspejlet var optagelsen af ​​denne post i ordbogen en fejl.	In retrospect, inclusion of that entry in the dictionary was a mistake.
Eventuelle yderligere forespørgsler skal ske via kundeservicenummeret nedenfor.	Any further queries should be made via the customer service number below.
Har du betinget, at den skulle leveres i august først?	Did you stipulate that it was to be delivered by August first?
Ja, den er tung, men jeg vil ikke betragte dens vægt som en af ​​dens fremtrædende egenskaber.	Yes, it is heavy, but I would not consider its weight one of its salient features.
Betingelser for opsigelse af aftalen fremgår af sidste side.	Conditions for termination of the agreement are listed on the last page.
Vi kan ikke refundere dig uden bevis for, at du har foretaget købet.	We cannot reimburse you without proof that you made the purchase.
Den maksimale svartid er angivet i specifikationen.	The maximum response time is listed in the specification.
Mediekonsolidering har været i gang i årtier.	Media consolidation has been in progress for decades.
Dette stykke er lavet af et kompositmateriale, som jeg ikke kan identificere.	This piece is made of a composite material that I cannot identify.
Levedygtigheden af ​​denne tilgang er et spørgsmål om debat.	The viability of this approach is a matter of some debate.
Han skrev et bilag, der omfattede mere end halvdelen af ​​det samlede dokuments længde.	He wrote an appendix comprising more than half the length of the total document.
Renter vil begynde at påløbe efter det første år.	Interest will begin to accrue after the first year.
Bemyndigelse af piger er et hovedtema i film i dag.	Empowerment of girls is a major theme in movies today.
Usikkerhed omkring virksomhedens økonomiske situation vil forstyrre medarbejderfastholdelsen.	Uncertainty regarding the company's financial situation will interfere with employee retention.
Militærets indkøbsproces viste sig at favorisere vicepræsidentens virksomhed.	The military's procurement process was found to favor the vice-president's company.
Virksomheden har én interessent, som også er dens eneste medarbejder.	The company has one stakeholder, who is also its only employee.
Der er ikke noget simpelt mønster, der kan tjene som skabelon.	There is no simple pattern that can serve as a template.
Du vil komme i problemer, hvis du bliver målet for en skatterevision.	You will be in trouble if you become the target of a tax audit.
Ingen afvigelser fra reglerne vil blive tolereret.	No deviation from the regulations will be tolerated.
Vores kvartalsresultater vil tjene som den bedste vurdering af vores tilgang.	Our quarterly results will serve as the best appraisal of our approach.
Uden et godt benchmark er det svært at sige, hvilken software der er hurtigere.	Without a good benchmark, it's hard to tell which software is faster.
Kontakt din lokale affiliate af vores netværk for at finde ud af, hvornår programmet vil blive sendt.	Check with your local affiliate of our network to find out when the program will be broadcast.
Når forsyningskæden afbrydes af krig, vil den muligvis ikke blive genetableret i årevis.	When the supply chain is interrupted by war, it may not be reestablished for years.
De blev efterladt med resterende skyldfølelse, selvom de vidste, at de ikke havde gjort noget forkert.	They were left with residual feelings of guilt even though they knew they had done nothing wrong.
Situationen vil snart vende tilbage til, som tingene var før.	The situation will soon revert to the way things were before.
Du betaler for en top-tier medicin med en bund-tier sygesikring plan.	You're paying for a top-tier medication with a bottom-tier health insurance plan.
Kun streng overholdelse af reglerne vil forhindre kaos.	Only strict adherence to the rules will prevent chaos.
En ny bil oplever sin største værdiforringelse, når den bliver kørt væk fra forhandleren.	A new car experiences its biggest depreciation when it is driven away from the dealership.
Du vil aldrig være i stand til at sælge det til noget tæt på den pris, du har betalt for det.	You'll never be able to sell it for anything close to the price you paid for it.
Foretog du due diligence, før du sagde ja til at sælge virksomheden, eller håbede du bare, at tingene ville vise sig bedst?	Did you perform due diligence before you agreed to sell the company, or did you just hope that things would turn out for the best?
Anne Frank og hendes familie gemte sig for nazistisk forfølgelse i et hemmeligt anneks til en kommerciel bygning i Amsterdam.	Anne Frank and her family hid from Nazi persecution in a secret annex to a commercial building in Amsterdam.
Vedhæftet de oplysninger, du har anmodet om.	Please find attached the information you requested.
Du kan være både venlig og bestemt.	You can be both kind and firm.
Det ene udelukker ikke det andet.	One does not preclude the other.
Jeg har handlet efter dine ønsker.	I have acted pursuant to your wishes.
Interiøret kan tilpasses efter dit ønske.	The interior can be customized according to your desire.
Det var et genialt fradrag.	That was a brilliant deduction.
Jeg havde ikke forventet, at du ville løse mysteriet så hurtigt.	I did not expect you to solve the mystery so quickly.
Du vil blive forsynet med alle de hjælpematerialer, du har brug for.	You will be provided with all the ancillary materials you require.
Med så kort leveringstid tvivler jeg på, at vi ville være i stand til at fremstille noget inden for deadline.	With such short lead time, I doubt we would be able to manufacture anything by the deadline.
Et vejr er et kastreret hanfår eller -ged.	A wether is a castrated male sheep or goat.
En klokker var oprindeligt en vejrer, der førte en flok andre får; en klokke blev placeret rundt om hans hals for at hjælpe med at lokalisere dyrene.	A bellwether was originally a wether who led a flock of other sheep; a bell was placed around his neck to help locate the animals.
Du vil bemærke en liste over leverancer nær begyndelsen af ​​dokumentet.	You will notice a list of deliverables near the beginning of the document.
Hvilket orkester bestiller symfonien?	Which orchestra is commissioning the symphony?
Den er lille.	It's small.
De har ikke et hollandsk pas.	They don't have a Dutch passport.
Jeg er glad for, at det er solskin i dag.	I'm glad it's sunny today.
Har du brug for hjælp til dine tasker?	Do you need help with your bags?
Forlad ikke min side, okay?	Don't leave my side, okay?
Ved du hvilket år det er?	Do you know what year it is?
Hvorfor følger du ikke Mary hjem?	Why don't you walk Mary home?
Mine damer og herrer, vi er lige landet.	Ladies and Gentlemen, we have just landed.
Bliv venligst siddende med sikkerhedsselerne spændt, indtil seleskiltet er slukket.	Please remain seated with your seat belts fastened, until the seat belt sign has been switched off .
Når du forlader flyet, skal du sørge for at tage alle dine ejendele med dig.	When you leave the aircraft, make sure you take all of your belongings with you.
På vegne af kaptajnen og besætningen vil vi gerne sige farvel, og vi håber at mødes om bord på endnu et Turkish Airlines fly, tak.	On behalf of the captain and the crew, we would like to say goodbye, and we hope to meet on board another Turkish Airlines flight, thank you.
Emojien "højt grædende ansigt" er et gult ansigt med åben mund, der jamrer og strømme af tunge tårer, der flyder fra lukkede øjne.	The “loudly crying face” emoji is a yellow face with an open mouth wailing and streams of heavy tears flowing from closed eyes.
Det formidler utrøstelig sorg, men også andre intense følelser, såsom ukontrollabel latter eller overvældende glæde.	It conveys inconsolable grief but also other intense feelings, such as uncontrollable laughter or overwhelming joy.
Løb ikke efter to harer på samme tid.	Do not run after two hares at the same time.
I to nomadelejre er ti heste.	In two nomad camps are ten horses.
Grøn papaya salat er lækker.	Green papaya salad is delicious.
Hvordan siger man det på engelsk?	How do you say this in English?
Jeg vover dig til at elske.	I dare you to love.
Det ville være latterligt at ville holde sig tilbage fra lydighed mod en ydre og fremmest vilje, kun fordi den ikke stemte overens med forsigtighed.	It would be ridiculous to want to restrain oneself from obedience to an external and foremost will only because it did not accord with prudence.
For dette er netop regeringens antagelse: at den giver sine undersåtter frihed til at dømme rigtigt og forkert ikke efter deres egen forståelse, men efter retsstatsprincippet.	For this is precisely the supposition of the government: that it allows its subjects the liberty to judge right and wrong not according to their own understandings but according to the rule of law.
I hvert fald vil flagermusen, der menes at være kilden til COVID-19-virussen, have forbløffet os, da ingen havde forventet det.	Anyway, the bat that is believed to be the source of the COVID-19 virus will have stunned us, since no one expected it.
Byen var omgivet af en mur.	The town was surrounded by a wall.
Du kan gøre, hvad du har lyst til.	You can do whatever you wish to do.
Kaniner er normalt større end mus.	Rabbits are usually larger than mice.
I hvert fald vil flagermusen, der menes at være kilden til COVID-19-virussen, have forbløffet os, da ingen havde forventet det.	Anyway, the bat that is believed to be the source of the COVID-19 virus will have flabbergasted us, since no one expected it.
Muslingeskaller var det lovlige betalingsmiddel i Shang-dynastiet.	Seashells were the legal tender in the Shang dynasty.
Hej, hvad vil du sige til din lærer derhjemme i morgen?	Hey, what are you going to tell your teacher at home tomorrow?
Hej, hvad har du tænkt dig at tale med læreren om, når du besøger ham i morgen?	Hey, what do you plan to talk to the teacher about when you visit him tomorrow?
Har du prøvet at skrige?	Have you tried to scream?
Faktisk arbejder jeg.	Actually, I am working.
På det ungarske sprog er et ord, en titel eller et stykke tekst adskilt med kursiv i stedet for anførselstegn.	In the Hungarian language a word, title or piece of text is set apart using italics instead of quotation marks.
Jeg kom ikke, da det regnede.	I didn't come, since it rained.
Jeg kommer, når det er holdt op med at regne.	I will come when it has stopped raining.
Denne boks kan åbnes, da den ikke er låst.	This box can be opened, since it isn't locked.
Daniel lader som om han er dårlig mod Mary.	Daniel pretends to be bad to Mary.
I dag er det solskin.	Today is sunny.
At skrive er et kald, fordi det er beregnet til at tjene.	Writing is a vocation because it is meant to serve.
Kom tilbage!	Come back!
Der er kage i køkkenet.	There is cake in the kitchen.
Engang troede jeg, at jeg tog fejl.	Once I thought I was wrong.
Det viste sig, at jeg tog fejl.	Turns out I was mistaken.
Det hele er kun en prøve på tro.	This is all just a test of faith.
Vi kommer igennem dette.	We will get through this.
Din historie er ikke slut endnu.	Your story isn't over yet.
At takke kan gøre dig gladere.	Giving thanks can make you happier.
Taknemmelighed frigør os fra giftige følelser.	Gratitude frees us from toxic emotions.
Min mor fodrer hunden.	My mother feeds the dog.
Julen er den femogtyvende december.	Christmas is on December twenty-fifth.
Tom blev kastet til side og glemt.	Tom was cast aside and forgotten.
Klokken er kvart i fire.	It's a quarter after four.
Donald Trump er en kræftsygdom på denne jord.	Donald Trump is a cancer upon this earth.
Klimabenægtere er en kræftsygdom på denne jord.	Climate deniers are a cancer upon this earth.
Stop tyv, stop tyv!	Stop thief, stop thief!
Intet slår smagen af ​​friskbagt brød.	Nothing beats the taste of freshly-baked bread.
Er USB-drev forældede?	Are USB drives outdated?
Alle taler om Cloud Computing.	Everybody is talking about Cloud Computing.
Hvad vil det egentlig sige at "flade kurven ud"?	What does it really mean to "flatten the curve"?
Vi har brug for alles samarbejde for at det kan fungere.	We need everyone's cooperation for this to work.
Det virker altid umuligt, indtil det ikke er det.	It always seems impossible, until it isn't.
Sigt højt.	Aim high.
Hjælp, hun besvimede!	Help, she fainted!
Hvor lang tid tager det for hørfrø at sænke kolesterol?	How long does it take for flaxseed to lower cholesterol?
Vi værdsætter kvalitet.	We value quality.
Jeg har en guldring og en anden, der er sølv.	I have a gold ring and another that is silver.
Ved morgenmaden spiste jeg brød og smør og drak kaffe.	At breakfast, I ate bread and butter and drank coffee.
Det blev spillet.	It was played.
Jeg skal tilbage til mit hjem.	I need to return to my home.
Han spiller qanun uden fejl.	He plays the qanun without mistakes.
Han spiller santoor uden fejl.	He plays the santoor without mistakes.
Nu skriver vi beskeder på vores mobiltelefoner.	Now we write messages on our cell phones.
Takket være internettet kan vi arbejde hjemmefra med vores bærbare computere.	Thanks to the Internet, we can work from home with our laptops.
Se, det er Polstjernen!	Look, it's the Pole Star!
Dette brætspil er virkelig sjovt.	This board game is really fun.
Han er helt forelsket i den sigøjnerpige.	He's totally in love with that gypsy girl.
Jeg har mistet overblikket over dagene.	I've lost track of the days.
Han er på toilettet.	He's in the restroom.
Vi var ikke bange for nogen.	We weren't afraid of anyone.
"Er det i orden, hvis jeg slutter mig til dig?"	"Is it all right if I join you?"
"Selvfølgelig."	"Of course."
Har du prøvet at måle trykket?	Have you tried to measure the pressure?
Han var en meget raffineret mand, men han var ikke det mindste klar over det.	He was a very refined man, but he wasn't the least bit aware of it.
Vandet er ikke koldt, er det?	The water isn’t cold, is it?
Det er overskyet, men det er meget varmt.	It's cloudy, but it's very warm.
Det er den gamle mand, jeg vil være.	That's the old man that I want to be.
Han talte pengene for at finde ud af beløbet.	He counted the money in order to figure out the sum.
Det er forbudt at faste umiddelbart efter Shavuot.	It is forbidden to fast immediately after Shavuot.
Hendes egoisme bliver aldrig tilfredsstillet.	Her selfishness is never satisfied.
Det bord.	Tom stole.
Ingen troede på, at sådan noget kunne ske.	No one believed such a thing could happen.
Jeg forstår ikke, hvad han siger.	I don't understand what he's saying.
Han burde ikke komme tilbage hertil.	He shouldn't come back here.
Jeg fik stjålet min pung af manden, der sad ved siden af ​​mig.	I had my wallet stolen by the man sitting next to me.
Hun er sammen med ham.	She's with him.
Han er med dig.	He's with you.
Eiffeltårnet er lavet af stål.	The Eiffel Tower's made of steel.
Han vil købe det til os som gave.	He'll buy it for us as a present.
Vi er i en trafikprop.	We're in a traffic jam.
Donald Trump giver lort et dårligt navn.	Donald Trump gives shit a bad name.
Tom er ikke englænder.	Tom isn't an Englishman.
Tom er ikke engelsk.	Tom isn't English.
Tom er ikke engelsk.	Tom is not English.
Gå ikke vild igen.	Don't get lost yet again.
Måske er det dig, der er problemet, Tom!	Maybe you're the problem, Tom!
Unges alkoholforbrug er steget.	Youth alcohol consumption has increased.
Hun har bøgerne.	She has the books.
Han er ikke en hykler.	He's not a hypocrite.
Han er ikke en hykler.	He isn't a hypocrite.
Gode ​​råd er svære at få.	Good advice is hard to come by.
Yanni udførte kun ordrer.	Yanni was only carrying out orders.
Jeg udførte kun ordrer.	I was only carrying out orders.
Havde Moses set min elskedes ansigt rødmet af druk, og hans smukke krøller og majestæt, havde han ikke skrevet i sin Tora: "læg ikke med en mand."	Had Moses seen my beloved's face reddened from drunkenness, and his beautiful curls and majesty, he would not have written in his Torah: "do not lie with a man."
Livet er for kort til at lære tysk.	Life's too short to learn German.
Så lad os lære esperanto!	So let's learn Esperanto!
Du er ikke blind, er du?	You’re not blind, are you?
Det er ikke varmt, er det?	It’s not hot, is it?
Det er ikke koldt, er det?	It’s not cold, is it?
Skibet er ikke stort, vel?	The ship isn’t big, is it?
Jeg er meget træt af alle sætningerne her, der taler om Tom og Mary.	I'm very tired of all the sentences here talking about Tom and Mary.
Jeg byggede dette hus, og du ødelagde det.	I built this house and you destroyed it.
Martine har en hund.	Martine has a dog.
Den er super luftig og meget kælen.	It is super fluffy and very cuddly.
Et årti er et tidsrum på ti år.	A decade is a span of ten years.
Djævelen er død.	The devil is dead.
Thomas er ikke i live, vel?	Thomas isn’t alive, is he?
Mars har ikke pladetektonik som Jorden har.	Mars doesn't have plate tectonics like Earth does.
Tom flyttede til Kiev, da han kun var fem.	Tom moved to Kiev when he was only five.
Vent venligst fem minutter mere.	Please wait five more minutes.
Hvis det ikke er hende, er det ham, der vækker dig!	If it isn't her, it's him who wakes you up!
Det er så længe, ​​vi vågner.	It's as long as we wake up.
Du ser mig ikke som vred, gør du?	You don’t see me as angry, do you?
Gringoer er ikke vores venner.	Gringos aren't our friends.
Spis ikke før du går i seng!	Don't eat before going to bed!
Crikey!	Crikey!
Bestyreren sagde til sig selv: "Hvad skal jeg gøre, når min herre tager ledelsesstillingen fra mig?	The manager said to himself, "What will I do, seeing that my lord is taking away the management position from me?
Jeg har ikke kræfter til at grave.	I don’t have strength to dig.
Jeg skammer mig over at tigge."	I am ashamed to beg."
Var det et jordskælv?	Was that an earthquake?
Talte Tom og Mary fransk eller engelsk?	Were Tom and Mary speaking French or English?
Min sidste kæreste var slovakisk, og nu har jeg en ukrainsk forlovede.	My last girlfriend was Slovakian and now I have a Ukrainian fiancée.
Tom er en interessant mand: han vågner om morgenen, han spiser en suppe med en ske, han bor i et hus, og han er syg, hvis han bliver forkølet.	Tom is an interesting man: he wakes up in the morning, he eats a soup with a spoon, he lives in a house, and he is ill if he catches cold.
Jeg er ulykkelig trods al min rigdom.	I'm unhappy despite all my wealth.
Hvorfor svarer du ikke på min besked?	Why aren't you answering my message?
Du er en meget rig person.	You are a very rich person.
Månen er ikke en stjerne.	The Moon is not a star.
Det er Jordens satellit.	It is Earth's satellite.
Uafhængighed eller død!	Independence or death!
Du bør lære ikke at stille for mange spørgsmål.	You should learn not to ask too many questions.
Din religion er for dig og min religion er for mig.	Your religion is for you and my religion is for me.
Hvilket teaterstykke er berømt i dit land?	Which play is famous in your country?
Det siges, at hun er en meget god kok.	It is said that she is a very good cook.
Dette nye computerprogram kan nemt læres.	This new computer program can easily be learned.
Jeg rider ikke på heste.	I don't ride horses.
Hvad ville du sige til at se en film om natten?	What would you say to watching a movie at night?
Faktisk er hun millionær.	Actually, she is a millionaire.
Ali er en atletisk spiller.	Ali is an athletic player.
Jeg er den ældste, men jeg er stadig meget ung.	I am the oldest but I'm still very young.
Jeg vil gerne købe sko.	I want to buy shoes.
Jeg går ikke udenfor om vinteren.	I don't go outside during winter.
Der er nogle ting jeg ikke forstår.	There are some things I don't understand.
Hvorfor skriver du ikke?	Why don't you write?
Vi tænker, derfor er vi.	We think, therefore we are.
Du bør tale i en hvisken på biblioteket.	You should speak in a whisper at the library.
Mit navn er Nevruz.	My name is Nevruz.
Jeg har en meget større overraskelse til dig.	I have a much greater surprise for you.
John vil sandsynligvis tage fejl.	John will probably make a mistake.
Hettitterne er en af ​​oldtidens civilisationer, der levede i Anatolien.	The Hittites are one of the civilizations of the ancient era that lived in Anatolia.
Lammeskindene var også værdifulde.	The lamb skins were also valuable.
Vi mødes i hvert fald om aftenen.	Anyhow, we'll meet in the evening.
Hvad lavede du hele dagen?	What did you do all day?
Dagene blev forkortet.	The days shortened.
Du arbejder ikke hårdt.	You aren't working hard.
Stemmen rystede Yanni til sin kerne.	The voice shook Yanni to his core.
Børnene spiller ikke fodbold i parken.	The children are not playing football in the park.
Yannis ven ville ikke gøre dette.	Yanni's friend wouldn't do this.
Yanni sad med Skura ved frokostbordet.	Yanni was sitting with Skura at the lunch table.
Yanni har Skuras nuværende nummer.	Yanni has Skura's current number.
Yanni søgte nyt job.	Yanni applied for a new job.
Yanni gav den idiot sit nummer.	Yanni gave that idiot his number.
Yanni ringede mindst fyrre gange.	Yanni called at least forty times.
Yanni efterlod en besked til Skura.	Yanni left a message to Skura.
Yanni købte Skura en ny badedragt.	Yanni bought Skura a new swimsuit.
Yanni endte med at ringe til politiet.	Yanni ended up calling the police.
Yanni endte med at skifte sit politi.	Yanni ended up changing his police.
Yanni eskorterede den kunde ud.	Yanni escorted that customer out.
Yanni skiftede afdeling.	Yanni changed departments.
Yanni met Skura at the supermarket.	Yanni met Skura at the supermarket.
Yanni chikanerede en anden pige i verden der.	Yanni was harassing another girl who world there.
Yanni kørte en isbil.	Yanni was driving an ice cream truck.
Yanni genkendte ikke sangen.	Yanni didn't recognize the song.
Yanni kærtegnede Skuras pung på en næsten seksuel måde.	Yanni was caressing Skura's purse in an almost sexual way.
Yanni ledte efter sin bedstemor.	Yanni was looking for his grandmother.
Yanni har glemt sine cigaretter, som han altid gør.	Yanni has forgotten his cigarettes like he always does.
Yannis ånde lugtede jord, som om han havde spist jord.	Yanni's breath smelt earthy like he had eaten soil.
Yannis ånde duftede funky.	Yanni's breath smelt funky.
Yanni knugede Skuras håndled.	Yanni clinched Skura's wrist.
Yanni kan lide rock n' roll.	Yanni likes rock n' roll.
Yanni afsluttede skolen klokken fire.	Yanni finished school at four.
Yanni sad i sin stue og så fjernsyn.	Yanni sat in his living room, watching TV.
Yanni havde et gårdudsalg.	Yanni was having a yard sale.
Yannis butik åbner snart.	Yanni's store is opening soon.
Yanni hørte noget glas klirre sammen.	Yanni heard some glass clinking together.
Yanni sad på græsset.	Yanni sat on the grass.
Yanni følte sig tryg ved at være inde i sit hus.	Yanni felt safe being inside his house.
Yanni lignede et rabiat dyr.	Yanni resembled a rabid animal.
Yanni started screaming curses at Skura.	Yanni started screaming curses at Skura.
Yanni så Skura i gården.	Yanni saw Skura in the yard.
Yanni så Skura i forhaven, da han kørte forbi.	Yanni saw Skura in the front yard when he drove by.
Skura skar Yannis private dele op.	Skura cut Yanni's private parts up.
Yanni var i en lignende situation som Skura.	Yanni was in a similar situation as Skura.
Yanni kunne ikke undgå at bemærke Skuras punkagtige udseende.	Yanni couldn't help but notice Skura's punkish look.
Yanni var et år ældre end os.	Yanni was a year older than us.
Yanni havde tonsvis af venner.	Yanni had tons of friends.
Skura havde altid mindst én fyr ved sin side.	Skura always had at least one guy by her side.
Yanni kunne ikke lide Skuras kæreste.	Yanni didn't like Skura's boyfriend.
Yanni var en høj og ranglet fyr.	Yanni was a tall and lanky guy.
Der var rygter om, at Skura var gravid med Yanni.	There were rumors of Skura being pregnant by Yanni.
Yanni svømmede til efter mørkets frembrud.	Yanni swam till after dark.
Yannis swimmingpool ligger bag huset.	Yanni's swimming pool is behind the house.
Yanni gik i skoven.	Yanni was walking in the woods.
Yanni svømmede rundt i hele poolen.	Yanni swam around the entire pool.
Yanni hørte den lyd igen.	Yanni heard that noise again.
Yanni kaldte efter sine hunde.	Yanni called for his dogs.
Fra et koreansk tv-program siger en koreaner: "Du vil hellere lære et fonogram!"	From a Korean TV show, a Korean says, "You'd rather learn a phonogram!"
Yanni er Ziris bedste ven.	Yanni is Ziri's best friend.
Tanker er kræfter.	Thoughts are forces.
Yanni bor i barakker.	Yanni lives in barracks.
Yanni er i hæren.	Yanni is in the army.
Yanni lod døren til skabet stå åben.	Yanni left the door of the closet open.
Yanni bar et våben.	Yanni was carrying a weapon.
Yanni blev natten over og fortsatte med at drikke.	Yanni stayed the night and continued to drink.
Yanni og Skura boede i samme område.	Yanni and Skura lived in the same area.
Yanni forlod baren efter kampen.	Yanni left the bar after the fight.
Hun husker mig ikke.	She doesn't remember me.
Hun ser ikke ud til at huske mig.	She seems not to remember me.
Yanni bemærkede blindgydeskiltet, men han fortsatte med at køre.	Yanni noticed the dead-end sign but he continued to drive.
Hun kan ikke huske det.	She can't remember it.
Hun var der ikke.	She wasn't there.
Yanni sagde, at det var for koldt til at sove i varevognen.	Yanni said it was too cold to sleep in the van.
Yanni skændtes med statstrooperen.	Yanni argued with the state trooper.
Yanni kunne ikke bevise sin teori.	Yanni couldn't prove his theory.
Yanni bor i det landlige Algeriet.	Yanni lives in rural Algeria.
Yanni så ikke engang filmtraileren.	Yanni didn't even see the movie trailer.
Yannis familie er lidt konservativ.	Yanni's family is kind of conservative.
Yanni er interesseret i det paranormale.	Yanni is interested in the paranormal.
Yanni sagde, at folk på mystisk vis forsvandt i det område.	Yanni said that people mysteriously disappeared in that area.
Yanni havde snit af helt andre størrelser og dybder.	Yanni had cuts of completely different sizes and depth.
Yanni har et hus i en skov midt i ingenting.	Yanni has a house in a forest in the middle of nowhere.
Yanni vidste intet om stedet.	Yanni knew nothing about the place.
Yanni mistede overblikket over tiden.	Yanni lost track of time.
Yanni husker ikke hændelsen.	Yanni doesn't remember the incident.
Yanni var for ung til at huske ulykken.	Yanni was too young to remember the accident.
Yanni bor i en anden del af denne skov.	Yanni lives in another part of this forest.
Yanni blev kørt til den psykiatriske afdeling.	Yanni was taken to the psychiatric unit.
Yanni var helt normal, før han satte foden ind på dette hospital.	Yanni was completely normal before he set foot into this hospital.
Yanni befandt sig i Algeriet.	Yanni found himself in Algeria.
Yanni voksede op i det nordlige Algeriet.	Yanni grew up in the north of Algeria.
Yanni boede i Algeriet for at studere.	Yanni was living in Algeria for university.
Yanni så en stærkt tatoveret punker stå i nærheden af ​​sin bil på parkeringspladsen.	Yanni saw a heavily tattooed punk standing near his car in the parking lot.
Yanni har en massiv schæferhund.	Yanni has a massive German shepherd.
Yanni har to venlige hunde.	Yanni has two friendly dogs.
Yanni spiller musik.	Yanni is playing music.
Yanni tjekkede sin telefon.	Yanni was checking his phone.
Yanni er en anden nabo.	Yanni is another neighbor.
Yannis hund løb efter et egern.	Yanni's dog ran after a squirrel.
Yanni holdt en riffel.	Yanni was holding a rifle.
Yanni har en pistol.	Yanni has a handgun.
Yanni vinklede sig mod politimanden.	Yanni angled himself to face the policeman.
Yannis puddel elsker bogstaveligt talt alle.	Yanni's poodle loves literally everyone.
Yanni hørte en pistol gå af.	Yanni heard a gun go off.
Yanni bor i en meget lille by med omkring 4000 mennesker i Algeriet.	Yanni lives in a very small town of about 4000 people in Algeria.
Yanni var narkohandler.	Yanni was a drug dealer.
Yanni var misbruger.	Yanni was an addict.
Yanni er en fordærvet person med interesser i mindreårige.	Yanni is a depraved person with interests in minors.
Yanni er en uhyggelig person.	Yanni is a creepy person.
Yanni gik i folkeskole i Algier.	Yanni went to primary school in Algiers.
Yanni solgte sin lille ejendom.	Yanni sold his small property.
Det lykkedes Yanni at bekæmpe sin overfaldsmand.	Yanni managed to fight his assailant off.
Yanni nød fantasyfilm.	Yanni enjoyed fantasy movies.
Yanni var for bange til at gå ud i mørket.	Yanni was too scared to go out in the dark.
Yanni klatrede op på hegnet for at flygte.	Yanni climbed the fence to escape.
Yanni tog grusvejen for at komme til bakken.	Yanni took the dirt road to get to the hill.
Yannis hus ligger ved foden af ​​bakken.	Yanni's house is at the base of the hill.
Yanni har en bunke rustne gamle biler i sin baghave.	Yanni has a pile of rusted old cars in his backyard.
Yanni steg af vejen.	Yanni got off the road.
Yannis lastbil forsvandt bag en tyk plet træer.	Yanni's truck disappeared behind a thick patch of trees.
Yanni kastede spotlight på træerne.	Yanni shined a spotlight on the trees.
Yanni sprintede mod politistationen.	Yanni sprinted towards the police station.
Yanni var ikke i stand til at overgå Skuras pitbull.	Yanni wasn't able to outrun Skura's pitbull.
Yannis mor kom og ledte efter ham.	Yanni's mother came looking for him.
Yanni tog på en rygsækrejse i Algeriet.	Yanni went on a backpacking trip in Algeria.
Yanni er en af ​​lederne.	Yanni is one of the leaders.
Yanni talte med en ung kvinde.	Yanni was talking to a young woman.
Yanni kaldte Skuras navn.	Yanni was calling Skura's name.
Yanni var en erfaren vandrer.	Yanni was a seasoned hiker.
Yanni søger stadig efter Skuras navn på Facebook.	Yanni still searches Skura's name on Facebook.
Yanni boede i Algeriet i et år.	Yanni was living for Algeria for a year.
Yanni gik gennem en landlig by i det nordlige Algeriet.	Yanni passed through a rural town in northern Algeria.
Yanni var iført et Halloween-kostume.	Yanni was wearing a Halloween costume.
Yannis hud var grå.	Yanni's skin was gray.
Yanni var ikke opmærksom på den mand.	Yanni didn't pay any attention to that man.
Yanni gik langsomt og trist gennem parken.	Yanni was walking slowly and sadly through the park.
Yanni boede i nærheden af ​​et asyl.	Yanni lived near an asylum.
Yanni var en mental patient.	Yanni was a mental patient.
Yanni var på jagt og spiste kaniner.	Yanni was hunting and eating rabbits.
Yannis lig hang fra broen.	Yanni's body was hanging from the bridge.
Yanni kom over på Halloween-aften.	Yanni came over on Halloween night.
Yanni dukkede op torsdag.	Yanni showed up on Thursday.
Yanni trak nøglen ud af tændingen.	Yanni pulled the key out of the ignition.
Yanni besluttede at blive i bussen.	Yanni decided to stay on the bus.
Yanni sad på bagsædet.	Yanni was in the back seat.
Yanni vendte sig til højre for at se på Skura.	Yanni turned to his right to look at Skura.
Yanni vendte hovedet den anden vej for at se, hvem der kom.	Yanni turned his head to the other way to see who was coming.
Yanni flåede bildøren op og trak Skura ud.	Yanni ripped the car door open and pulled Skura out.
Yanni begyndte at råbe i Skuras øre.	Yanni started yelling in Skura's ear.
Yanni begyndte at råbe bandeord.	Yanni started yelling profanities.
Yanni havde en sød chihuahua.	Yanni had a cute chihuahua.
Yannis labrador virkede venlig.	Yanni's labrador seemed friendly.
Yanni så bilen i spejlet, mens den kørte væk.	Yanni watched the car in the mirror as it sped away.
Yanni passerede under broen.	Yanni passed under the bridge.
Yanni tog en sten op.	Yanni picked a rock up.
Yanni fortalte sin far om det, da han kom hjem.	Yanni told his dad about it when he got home.
Yanni var iført en flannelskjorte.	Yanni was wearing a flannel shirt.
Yanni gik ind i bambusskoven.	Yanni walked into the bamboo forest.
Yanni er lige foran os.	Yanni is just in front of us.
Yanni kørte gennem broen.	Yanni drove through the bridge.
Yanni var træt af børn, der legede i nærheden af ​​hans hus.	Yanni was sick of kids playing near his house.
Yanni tror ikke på paranormale ting.	Yanni doesn't believe in paranormal things.
Yanni ejer et hus i Algeriet.	Yanni owns a house in Algeria.
Jeg troede, at jeg aldrig ville se dig.	I thought that I'd never see you.
Jeg troede, jeg aldrig ville se dig.	I thought I'd never see you.
Yanni stod i døren.	Yanni was standing in the doorway.
Yannis hund stoppede lige ved siden af ​​Skuras telt.	Yanni's dog stopped right next to Skura's tent.
Yanni havde et tæppe over sig.	Yanni had a blanket over him.
Yanni fortalte sine forældre sin historie.	Yanni told his parents his story.
Yanni gik på de løse gulvbrædder.	Yanni walked on the loose floorboards.
At læse er en af ​​Yannis mest skattede tidsfordriv.	Reading is one of Yanni's most treasured pastimes.
Yanni lånte den bog på biblioteket.	Yanni borrowed that book from the library.
Yanni læste bogen snesevis af gange.	Yanni read the book dozens of times.
Yanni reciterede mundtligt historien for sine yngre brødre.	Yanni orally recited the story to his younger brothers.
Yanni er bekendt med det landlige Algeriet, hvor han voksede op.	Yanni is familiar with rural Algeria, which is where he grew up.
Yanni kan lide vampyrhistorier.	Yanni likes vampire stories.
Yanni forvandlet til et monster.	Yanni transformed into a monster.
Yanni lavede forfærdelige eksperimenter på dyr.	Yanni did horrible experiments on animals.
Yanni bor stadig i disse skove den dag i dag.	Yanni still resides in those woods to this very day.
Yanni skrev en bog om mytologiske skabninger.	Yanni wrote a book about mythological creatures.
Yanni bor i det nordlige Algeriet.	Yanni lives in northern Algeria.
Yanni blev tvunget til at forlade sin gård.	Yanni was forced to abandon his homestead.
Yanni fandt et passende sted til at slå et telt op.	Yanni found a suitable spot for pitching a tent.
I går gik jeg en tur i parken.	Yesterday I went for a walk in the park.
Vi ser ikke, hvad der er under vores næse.	We don’t see what is under our noses.
Eddie Cohen hader Algeriet.	Eddie Cohen hates Algeria.
Vask dine hænder ofte!	Wash your hands often!
Marie har mistet sit kamera.	Marie has lost her camera.
Marie mistede sit kamera.	Marie lost her camera.
Det ville jeg ikke røre med en 10 fods stang.	I wouldn't touch that with a ten foot pole.
Hendes mor nikkede og lo.	Her mother nodded and laughed.
Naturen har en beroligende effekt.	Nature has a calming effect.
Eksponering for naturen har en beroligende effekt.	Exposure to nature has a calming effect.
At se på naturen har en beroligende effekt.	Looking at nature has a calming effect.
At være ude i naturen kan have en beroligende effekt.	Being out in nature can have a calming effect.
fartbump	speed bumps
Er det et astrolabium?	Is that an astrolabe?
Det er det bedste i mit liv.	It is the best of my life.
Hun besluttede at blive hos os et stykke tid.	She decided to stay with us for a while.
Han besluttede at blive hos os et stykke tid.	He decided to stay with us for a while.
Jeg tog min far med til lufthavnen nu.	I took my dad to the airport now.
Jeg har lige taget min far med til lufthavnen.	I just took my dad to the airport.
Hun læser en bog.	She reads a book.
Hun spiser kød.	She eats meat.
Han spiser kød.	He eats meat.
Hun lytter nøje efter læreren.	She carefully listens the teacher.
Han lytter nøje efter læreren.	He carefully listens the teacher.
Jeg drikker altid koldt vand.	I always drink cold water.
Lad os løbe væk!	Let's run away!
Du må ikke forveksle dig selv med mig!	Don't confuse yourself with me!
Jeg var meget fræk, da jeg var lille.	I was very naughty when I was little.
Hør hvad jeg vil sige!	Listen to what I will say!
Jeg kan give dig meget få penge.	I can give you very little money.
Det er nok, at du skal vide dette.	It's enough that you should know this.
Hun skriver sine digte fra hjertet.	She writes her poems from the heart.
Kan du forstå finsk?	Can you understand Finnish?
Jeg vil have fornøjelsen af ​​at se dig, når du kommer tilbage.	I'll have the pleasure of seeing you when you get back.
I aprilluften hænger en usigelig parfume, som hviskede forårets hemmelige navn.	In the April air there hang an ineffable perfume which whispered the secret name of spring.
Jeg kunne ikke lade Tom gå.	I could not let Tom leave.
Jeg skulle have gået efter ham.	I should have gone after him.
Dette sted er forfærdeligt.	This place is dire.
Jeg er andenårig.	I am a sophomore.
Sami indrømmede at have gjort dette.	Sami admitted doing this.
Vi sætter pris på kvalitet.	We appreciate quality.
I denne bog finder du to variationer på esperanto af den hippokratiske ed: den ene hentet fra den originale havre på latin og den anden fra den franske version af den franske lægeorden.	In this book you will find two variations in Esperanto of the Hippocratic Oath: one drawn from the orginal oat in Latin and the other from the French version of the French Order of Physicians.
Hvad adskiller Tom sig fra sine jævnaldrende?	What makes Tom different from his peers?
Intet tilbage der.	Nothing left there.
Der var intet tilbage.	Nothing remained there.
Keder du dig ikke af at se dette brystrør?	Aren't you bored watching this boob tube?
Ali kommer snart.	Ali will come soon.
Sæt en te.	Put a tea.
Tom takkede os ikke for det, vi gjorde.	Tom didn't thank us for what we did.
Hvilken uhøflig!	What a rude!
Skakbrættet består af 8 rækker og 8 kolonner.	Chessboard consists of 8 rows and 8 columns.
Jeg vil tilføje søgemaskine til min blog, hvordan kan jeg gøre det?	I want to add search engine to my blog, how can i do that?
Jeg foreslår følgende ændring.	I suggest the following change.
Det er en meget speciel musik.	It is a very special music.
Yanni undslap til fange klædt som kvinde.	Yanni escaped capture dressed as a woman.
Yanni blev forvist fra kongeriget.	Yanni was banished from the kingdom.
Han må have forvekslet mig med en anden.	He must have mistaken me for someone else.
Yanni gjorde forberedelser til at vende tilbage til Algeriet.	Yanni made preparations to return to Algeria.
Yanni nåede Algier fire dage senere.	Yanni reached Algiers four days later.
Yanni vil blive holdt ansvarlig.	Yanni will be held accountable.
Yanni blev halshugget og hans hoved placeret på en spids.	Yanni was decapitated and his head placed on a spike.
Yanni forgudede sin far.	Yanni adored his father.
Yanni arvede sin fars ejendom i Algeriet.	Yanni inherited his father's property in Algeria.
Du skal udskifte sikringen.	You need to replace the fuse.
I haven blomstrer asters.	In the garden, asters are blooming.
Asters blomstrer i haven.	Asters bloom in the garden.
Yanni legede med ilden.	Yanni was playing with fire.
Yanni blev katolik.	Yanni became a Catholic.
Yanni længtes altid efter at blive muslim.	Yanni always yearned to become a Muslim.
Har du prøvet at skrige?	Have you tried screaming?
Det var en stille prut.	It was a silent fart.
Den var lige så ubrugelig som en chokolade tekande.	It was as useless as a chocolate teapot.
Min computers blæser larmer meget.	My computer's fan is making a lot of noise.
Ali sprang bolden på hans fod.	Ali bounced the ball on his foot.
Hvilket barn er Masao?	Which child is Masao?
Hvem inviterede dem?	Who invited them?
Kender du hende virkelig?	Do you really know her?
Øl giver meget skum.	Beer makes a lot of foam.
Hvor er du en god ven!	What a great friend you are!
Jeg laver morgenmad klokken 7 hver morgen.	I make breakfast at 7 every morning.
Der er et posthus for enden af ​​gaden.	There's a post office at the end of the street.
Manden læser avisen.	That man is reading the paper.
Manden læser avisen.	That man is reading the newspaper.
Mange havde mistanke om, at Yanni var muslim.	Many suspected that Yanni was a Muslim.
De havde ret.	They were right.
Efter din mening, har Tom ret?	In your opinion, is Tom right?
Yanni ønsker at dø som muslim.	Yanni wants to die a Muslim.
Yanni steg op til kongerigets trone.	Yanni ascended to the throne of the kingdom.
Jeg ved stadig ikke, hvad jeg skal tegne, men jeg tager et ark papir og nogle blyanter og sætter mig ved mit skrivebord.	I still don't know what I'm going to draw, but I'll take a sheet of paper and some pencils and sit at my desk.
Har Tom ret, efter din mening?	Is Tom right, in your opinion?
Alis bedstefar var apoteker.	Ali's grandpa was a pharmacist.
Du besøgte Israel.	You visited Israel.
Benægter Tom dette?	Is Tom denying this?
Besøgte de Schweiz?	Did they visit Switzerland?
Jeg boede i Amed fire år.	I lived in Amed four years.
Jeg boede i Diyarbakir i fire år.	I lived in Diyarbakir four years.
Du fik mig ikke til at sove.	You didn't put me to sleep.
Jeg har det så dårligt i dag.	I feel so bad today.
Du besøgte ikke Rusland.	You didn't visit Russia.
Ali blev forlovet.	Ali got engaged.
Nej, jeg vil ikke kommentere dette emne.	No, I will not comment on this topic.
Jeg er ikke kræsen.	I’m not picky.
Enhver, der har en god personlighed, er fint for mig.	Anyone who has a good personality is fine for me.
Jo flere venner du har, jo bedre.	The more friends you have, the better.
Alis bedstefar var en skopudser.	Ali's grandpa was a shoeshiner.
Forklar alt fra starten.	Explain everything from the start.
Du besøgte Madagaskar.	You visited Madagascar.
Alis bedstefar var en drejebænk.	Ali's grandpa was a lathe operator.
Det er let at lære det kyrilliske alfabet, men det er svært for nye elever i russisk at læse tekster, der er skrevet med det kyrilliske alfabet, flydende.	It is easy to learn the Cyrillic alphabet but it is hard for new learners of Russian to fluently read texts written with the Cyrillic alphabet.
Det er præcis som jeg troede.	It is exactly like I thought.
Lad os gå, hvis du ikke er syg.	Let's go if you're not sick.
Ali er fuld af kærlighed.	Ali is drunk on love.
Alis bedstefar var en loddemand.	Ali's grandpa was a solderer.
De besøgte Mexico.	They visited Mexico.
Skal vi til Kina på ferie?	Are we going to China on vacation?
Jeg skal ikke til Colombia på ferie.	I'm not going to Colombia on vacation.
Er de ikke hjemme?	Are they not at home?
Tag en bog og læs den!	Take a book and read it!
Brasilien er et af BRIK-landene.	Brazil is one of the BRIC countries.
Læser vi ikke?	Aren't we reading?
Hvorfor er du så bange for døden?	Why are you afraid of death this much?
Hver ting af mig er din.	Each thing of mine is yours.
Alt mit er dit.	Everything of mine is yours.
Du er virkelig klog.	You're really clever.
Lad os skynde os at finde et tomt bord i cafeteriet.	Let's hurry to find an empty table in the cafeteria.
Alpha Centauri er omkring 4,37 lysår væk fra vores sol.	Alpha Centauri is about 4.37 light years away from our sun.
Hun vendte tilbage nogle år senere.	She returned a few years later.
På den måde mistede hun alle sine penge.	In this way, she lost all her money.
Hun vil lære mange ting.	She wants to learn many things.
Hun døde uden efterkommere.	She died without descendants.
Vi har en tendens til at lave fejl.	We tend to make errors.
Forlang ikke noget af dem.	Don't demand anything of them.
Jeg ved, at jeg virkelig elsker Mary.	I know that I really love Mary.
Du har ikke brug for penge nu.	You don't need money now.
Det ser ud til, at en femtedel af alle bilulykker sker på grund af mangel på søvn	It appears as if a fifth of all car accidents happen because of lack of sleep
Hun blev her et øjeblik.	She stayed here for a moment.
Jeg hørte din plan, og jeg kan ikke lide den.	I heard your plan and I don't like it.
Vi skal til Norge på ferie.	We are going to Norway on vacation.
Vi arbejdede fra morgen til aften.	We were working from morning to evening.
Du besøgte ikke Slovakiet.	You didn't visit Slovakia.
Penge er ikke alt, men uden penge er alt ingenting.	Money is not everything, but without money, everything is nothing.
Besøgte de ikke Sydafrika?	Didn't they visit South Africa?
Hvad laver du på din fridag?	What are you doing on your day off?
Stop med at spille dit videospil et øjeblik og hjælp mig med at samle dette skrivebord.	Stop playing your video game for a minute and help me assemble this desk.
Hun slukkede lampen og snublede straks over det legetøj, som hendes niece havde efterladt midt på gulvet.	She turned off the lamp and immediately tripped over the toy that had been left in the middle of the floor by her niece.
Hvor mange sætninger har du skrevet i dag?	How many sentences have you written today?
Rul dine måtter ud og begynd at strække.	Roll out your mats and start stretching.
En familie af flagermus boede på loftet.	A family of bats was living in the attic.
Wow, dit TV er virkelig lille!	Wow, your TV is really small!
Nogen stjal min cykel, og jeg besluttede ikke at købe en ny.	Someone stole my bike and I decided not to buy a new one.
Spænd væggene og så maler vi.	Spackle the walls and then we'll paint.
Hunden sover ikke.	The dog isn't sleeping.
Jadeplanten i hjørnet var gået i arv gennem familien i generationer.	The jade plant in the corner had been passed down through the family for generations.
Hvilke dyreformer ser du i skyerne?	What animal shapes do you see in the clouds?
Katten sover ikke.	The cat isn't sleeping.
Slip hunden ud, ville du?	Let the dog out, would you?
Den lille dreng grinede fra øre til øre, da han holdt om sin lillesøster for første gang.	The little boy grinned from ear to ear as he held his baby sister for the first time.
Ventilatoren stoppede med at dreje, men jeg var i stand til at reparere den med olie.	The fan stopped spinning but I was able to fix it with oil.
Bilen kører.	The car is running.
Jeg elsker japansk og koreansk, fordi de er virkelig interessante	I love Japanese and Korean because they are really interesting
Det er ikke utroligt.	That is not incredible.
Du ved, det er sommer, når varmt vand begynder at komme ud af den kolde hane.	You know it's summer when warm water starts coming out of the cold tap.
Brug tomme spirituskasser til at pakke dine bøger op.	Use empty liquor boxes to box up your books.
De bliver ikke for tunge på den måde.	They won't be too heavy that way.
Lommeregneren døde, og der er ingen måde at få adgang til batteriet uden at gå i stykker.	The calculator died and there's no way to access the battery without breaking it.
Ligesom mange ting i disse dage, blev det lavet til engangsbrug.	Like many things these days, it was made to be disposable.
Bøj dig ikke forover!	Don't bend over!
Din kappe er for kort.	Your robe is too short.
Foretrækker du vodka eller gin i dine blandede drinks?	Do you prefer vodka or gin in your mixed drinks?
Hendes løbesko sad ud til siden og ventede på at blive brugt første gang.	Her running shoes sat off to the side, waiting to be used for the first time.
Hun er vidunderlig.	She's wonderful.
Hun tjekkede en håndfuld bøger fra folkebiblioteket.	She checked out an armful of books from the public library.
Min bunke til at læse bliver aldrig kortere.	My to-read pile never gets shorter.
Et af hængslerne på den dør er knækket.	One of the hinges on that door is broken.
Min hund savner at lege med andre mennesker.	My dog misses playing with other people.
Jeg dyrker spinat, broccoli og aubergine i mit høje havebed.	I grow spinach, broccoli, and eggplant in my raised garden bed.
Den lille træskål fra Danmark var skåret i kanten.	The little wooden bowl from Denmark was chipped on the edge.
Disse falske trægulve ridser meget let.	These fake wood floors scratch very easily.
Stop, mens du er foran.	Stop while you're ahead.
Hun bor i din hals af skoven.	She lives in your neck of the woods.
Huset har meget naturligt lys.	The house has a lot of natural light.
Viskelædere er ikke lavet godt i disse dage.	Erasers are not made well these days.
Det er for varmt at have en sweater på det meste af året.	It's too hot to wear a sweater most of the year.
Det er koldt nok til kun at bære en sweater et par dage om året.	It's cold enough to wear a sweater only a couple days a year.
Hold ud med fejringerne, indtil vi har hørt, at det er officielt.	Hold off on the celebrations until we've had word that it's official.
Hvad er du taknemmelig for?	What are you thankful for?
Airconditionanlægget blev ved med at sparke på og vække hende.	The air conditioner kept kicking on and waking her up.
Hvorfor sender jeg dig noget?	Why do I send you anything?
Du glemmer altid at tjekke din mail!	You always forget to check your mail!
Denne restaurant rundt om hjørnet er den bedste i byen!	This restaurant around the corner is the best one in town!
En stravenue er et mærkeligt navn for en vej.	A stravenue is a strange name for a road.
Vær tålmodig.	Be patient.
Hun lærer at binde sine sko.	She's learning to tie her shoes.
Bedstefar var kendt for at have hvide velcrosko på.	Grandpa was known for wearing white velcro shoes.
Soldaterne blev godt behandlet og kæmpede for en sag.	The soldiers were well-treated and fought for a cause.
Hun vil forsøge at besøge alle himmeløerne i staten på en uge.	She will attempt to visit all the sky islands in the state in one week.
Bare det at tale om æblesprød får mig til at løbe i vand.	Just talking about apple crisp is making my mouth water.
Lad os klare det!	Let's make it!
Tatoeba savner ham virkelig.	Tatoeba really misses him.
Børnene spiller ikke fodbold i parken.	The children aren't playing football in the park.
Jeg får lyst til at spise nogle ristede kastanjer.	I feel like eating some roasted chestnuts.
Vær ikke en øm taber.	Don't be a sore loser.
Hun ser ikke ud til at huske mig.	She doesn't seem to remember me.
Han ser ikke ud til at huske mig.	He doesn't seem to remember me.
Med sine kun 17 år har Avi Schiffmann bygget et af de mest populære websteder til sporing af coronavirus i verden.	At only 17, Avi Schiffmann has built one of the most popular coronavirus-tracking websites in the world.
Siden får mere end 30 millioner besøg om dagen.	The site gets more than 30 million visits a day.
Mange betragter ham som et geni.	Many consider him a genius.
Avi er blevet tilbudt højtlønnede job og kontrakter.	Avi has been offered high-paying jobs and contracts.
Den, der vil vinde alt, må opgive alt.	He who wants to win everything must give up on everything.
Rabbi Akiva reciterede Shema, da han blev flået af romerne.	Rabbi Akiva recited the Shema as he was flayed by the Romans.
Hvorfor hader du Amerika?	Why do you hate America?
Kulturarvstalere lærer et andet sprog derhjemme end det, der tales i den region, hvor de bor, og er typisk i stand til begge dele, selvom deres styrke på hvert sprog varierer.	Heritage speakers learn a different language at home than the one spoken in the region where they live, and are typically capable in both, though their strength in each language varies.
Det er mørkets lys, der vil blænde os, os, der ser på blindhed så hvid som et sort lam.	It is the light of darkness that will dazzle us, we who look at blindness as white as a black lamb.
Det er den gamle mand, jeg vil være.	That's the old man I want to be.
Hvor end du går, vil jeg gå, og hvor du end bliver, vil jeg blive.	Wherever you go, I will go, and wherever you stay, I will stay.
Dit folk skal være mit folk, og din Gud min Gud.	Your people will be my people, and your God my God.
Hvor end du dør, vil jeg dø, og der vil jeg blive begravet.	Wherever you die, I will die, and there I will be buried.
Donald Trump er en ond hund.	Donald Trump is a vicious dog.
I kemi er en phosphat en anion, salt, funktionel gruppe eller ester afledt af en phosphorsyre.	In chemistry, a phosphate is an anion, salt, functional group or ester derived from a phosphoric acid.
Jeg kunne ikke lade Tom gå.	I couldn't let Tom leave.
Tom tror, ​​at alt handler om ham.	Tom thinks everything is about him.
Tom laver alt om ham.	Tom makes everything about him.
Mary tror, ​​alt handler om hende.	Mary thinks everything is about her.
Mary laver alt om hende.	Mary makes everything about her.
Mange ting handler vel om Tom.	A lot of things really are about Tom, I guess.
Hvorfor skal Tom gøre alt om ham?	Why does Tom have to make everything about him?
Tom vil ikke lade nogen få et ord ind i kanten.	Tom won't let anyone get a word in edgewise.
Jeg kunne ikke få et ord i kant med Tom.	I couldn't get a word in edgewise with Tom.
Jeg kunne ikke få et ord med Tom, og det eneste, han talte om, var ham selv.	I couldn't get a word in edgewise with Tom, and all he talked about was himself.
Det siger Ruth altid.	Ruth always says that.
Hvorfor skulle Ruth af alle mennesker tænke det?	Why would Ruth, of all people, think that?
Jeg synes billedet er flot.	I think the picture is gorgeous.
Jeg synes billedet af dem er flot.	I think the picture of them is gorgeous.
Du har talt om det en del gange.	You've talked about this quite a few times.
Jeg forstår det også helt.	I totally get it, too.
Jeg forstår det fuldstændig.	I totally get it.
Ruth elsker det også.	Ruth loves it, too.
Dette er noget af dit bedste arbejde.	This is some of your best work.
Hvad er den anden?	What's the second one?
Jeg får det ikke ofte.	I don't get it often.
Det er nok også rigtigt.	Also, it's probably true.
Jeg elsker dem og jeg elsker dig.	I love them and I love you.
Jeg vågnede ved midnat efter at have sovet i fire timer.	I woke up at midnight after sleeping for four hours.
Jeg har set den rundt omkring.	I've seen that one around.
Paul Wexler har en junkteori om oprindelsen af ​​jiddisch.	Paul Wexler has a junk theory about the origin of Yiddish.
Nogen citerede hans junk-teori i et egentligt medicinsk tidsskrift.	Someone cited his junk theory in an actual medical journal.
Jeg ville også have det mærkeligt ved at bruge dem.	I would feel weird about using those, too.
Det er en to-vejs gade.	It's a two-way street.
Det er hverken godt eller sundt.	That's not good or healthy.
Måske taler jeg i sandhed.	Maybe I'm speaking in truisms.
Jeg sporede det fra et fotografi.	I traced it from a photograph.
Det betyder ikke, at jeg ønskede det.	That doesn't mean I wanted it.
Jeg elsker også det band.	I love that band, too.
De kan mene, hvad de vil om det.	They can think what they want about that.
Hvad ændrer sig dog i mit liv, hvis disse etiketter ikke gælder for mig?	What changes about my life if these labels don't apply to me, though?
Det er aldrig umagen værd.	It's never worthwhile.
Det er altid giftigt.	It's always toxic.
Jeg kender kun sangen, fordi den var en meme.	I only know the song because it was a meme.
Jeg ved, det er en dårlig idé.	I know that's a bad idea.
Fornærmende mennesker vil slide dig ned.	Abusive people will wear you down.
Forbandet gris.	Fucking pig.
Det har jeg aldrig følt.	I've never felt that.
Jeg savnede muligheden for at lære hende bedre at kende.	I missed the opportunity to get to know her better.
Jeg har fået at vide, at jeg er venlig og medfølende.	I've been told I'm kind and compassionate.
Blanding mellem de menneskelige underarter mongoloider, kaukasoider, negroider og australoider er ret almindelig.	Mixing amongst the human subspecies Mongoloids, Caucasoids, Negroids, and Australoids is quite common.
Jeg føler ikke, jeg har brugt de evner til hende.	I don't feel I put those skills to use with her.
Jeg vil hellere græde end ikke at græde.	I'd rather be crying than not crying.
Gad vide om de siger det samme.	I wonder if they say the same thing.
Det er et svært emne.	It's a difficult topic.
Det er lidt af et ømt punkt.	It's a bit of a sore point.
Jeg skal følge op.	I need to follow up.
Hvad ændrer sig dog ved dit liv, hvis disse etiketter ikke gælder for dig?	What changes about your life if these labels don't apply to you, though?
Toms spamfilter var for godt.	Tom's spam filter was too good.
Ruth var moabit.	Ruth was a Moabite.
Det moabitiske sprog var meget nært beslægtet med hebraisk.	The Moabite language was very closely related to Hebrew.
På moabitisk var den maskuline flertalsendelse -in i stedet for -im.	In Moabite, the masculine plural ending was -in instead of -im.
Den filippinske oprindelige kultur er ganske lydlig-mundtlig, da tv, videoer og film overstråler litteratur.	Philippine indigenous culture is quite aural-oral as television, videos, and movies outshine literature.
Ofte er den engelsksprogede sektion af filippinske boghandlere større end den oprindelige sprogsektion.	Often, the English-language section of Philippine bookstores is larger than the indigenous-language section.
Kom ud før din mor ser os.	Get out before your mom sees us.
Gå før din mor ser os.	Go before your mom sees us.
Jeg fryser ihjel.	I'm freezing to death.
Hun elsker sin storebror.	She loves her older brother.
Han læser vers fra Koranen.	He is reading verses from the Qur'an.
Kan du lære mig at kæmpe?	Could you teach me how to fight?
Hun siger, hun vil tale.	She says she wants to talk.
Hjemmesiden besøges over 30 millioner gange om dagen.	The website is visited over 30 million times a day.
Hvorfor hader du USA?	Why do you hate the United States?
Læn dig ikke på døren.	Don't lean on the door.
Jeg kommer måske lidt for sent.	I might be a bit late.
Du får dine penge.	You will get your money.
Hos Tatoeba føles en sætning kun godt, når den er ledsaget af sine søstre og fætre, oversættelserne.	At Tatoeba a sentence only feels good when it is accompanied by its sisters and cousins, the translations.
Det var evigheder siden, jeg havde spist.	It was ages since I'd eaten.
Skal du på ferie til Paraguay?	Are you going on vacation to Paraguay?
Du er ikke en elefant.	You are not an elephant.
Du er et lille dyr.	You are a small animal.
Mit telefonnummer ændrede sig igen.	My phone number changed again.
Jeg ved, at min ven kommer i morgen.	I know that my friend will come tomorrow.
Jeg vil klage til politiet over dig.	I will complain to the police about you.
Bare rolig; Jeg vil ikke slå mig selv ihjel.	Don't worry; I don't want to kill myself.
Alis bedstefar var skomager.	Ali's grandfather was a cobbler.
Jeg tager til Serbien på ferie.	I'm going to Serbia on vacation.
Jeg ser hende aldrig i mine drømme.	I never see her in my dreams.
Hun er en popstjerne.	She is a pop star.
Du skal ikke til Bosnien på ferie.	You aren't going to Bosnia on vacation.
Hvorfor vil du have, at jeg melder mig frivilligt til dette arbejde?	Why do you want me to volunteer for this work?
Og hvad var denne lyd?	And what was this sound?
Du arbejdede hårdt.	You were working hard.
Der er seks timers undervisning hver dag.	There are six hours of class every day.
Ja, jeg græd denne gang.	Yes, I cried this time.
Hun var på indkøb i London.	She was shopping in London.
Faktisk kender jeg hende.	Actually, I know her.
Bøgerne lå på bordet.	The books were on the table.
Jeg bedrager ikke nogen.	I'm not deceiving anyone.
Jeg er ved at blive klippet.	I'm getting my hair cut.
Børnene var ikke i seng.	The children weren't in bed.
Jeg kan ikke læse dine tanker.	I can't read your thoughts.
Var jeg for sent ude?	Was I too late?
Skal du ud at rejse?	Are you going to travel?
Ali har ikke dårlige vaner.	Ali doesn't have bad habits.
De er i Berlin.	They are in Berlin.
Jeg kan ikke lide at brokke mig.	I don't like to grumble.
Svaret var ikke rigtigt.	The answer wasn't right.
Svaret var ikke rigtigt.	The answer was not right.
Yanni blev født i den nordalgeriske by Bejaia.	Yanni was born in the northern Algerian city of Bejaia.
Skura opkaldte sin søn efter den anonyme forfader til Ayt Yanni-stammen i Kabylie, Algeriet.	Skura named her son after the eponymous ancestor of the Ayt Yanni tribe in Kabylie, Algeria.
Separatisterne bruger intimidering for at få deres egen vilje.	The separatists use intimidation to get their own way.
Separatisterne bruger trusler og intimidering for at få deres egen vilje.	The separatists use threats and intimidation to get their own way.
Han foreslog at fortælle dem hele sandheden.	He suggested telling them the whole truth.
Separatisterne har ry for at true og intimidere folk online.	The separatists have a reputation of threatening and intimidating people online.
Mange separatister blev arresteret for politisk agitation.	Many separatists were arrested for political agitation.
Han har skrevet artikler til forskellige separatistiske hjemmesider.	He has been writing articles for various separatist websites.
De racistiske separatister drømmer om at blive den dominerende politiske kraft i regionen.	The racist separatists are dreaming about becoming the dominant political force in the region.
Separatisterne ønsker at skabe en fascistisk stat i vores region.	The separatists want to create a fascist state in our region.
Jeg bliver grå.	I'm going grey.
De er forældre.	They are parents.
De er forældre.	They're parents.
Separatisterne ønsker at tage kontrol over vores region.	The separatists want to take control of our region.
Kan Tebboune forvandle Algeriet til en industriel magt?	Can Tebboune transform Algeria into an industrial power?
Separatisterne oprettede en eksilregering.	The separatists set up a government in exile.
Separatisterne er meget svagere end før.	The separatists are much weaker than before.
Separatisterne er svage.	The separatists are weak.
Separatisterne fremmer had.	The separatists are promoting hatred.
Separatisterne fremmer racehad.	The separatists are promoting racial hatred.
Separatistlederen tilbedes af sine tilhængere.	The separatist leader is worshiped by his followers.
Separatistlederen har forvandlet sin gruppe til en kult.	The separatist leader has transformed his group into a cult.
Da separatistlederen vendte tilbage fra Canada, blev han budt velkommen af ​​en håndfuld af sine støtter i lufthavnen.	When the separatist leader returned from Canada, he was welcomed by a handful of his supporters at the airport.
Separatisterne ser ud til at være overbeviste om deres racemæssige overlegenhed.	The separatists seem to be convinced of their racial superiority.
Det lader til, at separatisterne ikke er klar over deres totale ubetydelighed på den nationale politiske scene.	It seems that the separatists are not aware of their total insignificance on the national political scene.
Separatisterne er blot en hær af ubetydelige Lilliputianere.	The separatists are just an army of insignificant Lilliputians.
Separatisterne er ikke længere en trussel i vores land.	The separatists are no longer a threat in our country.
Det ser ud til, at separatisterne ikke indser deres totale ubetydelighed på den nationale politiske scene.	It seems that the separatists don't realize their total insignificance on the national political scene.
På trods af alle de kampagner, separatisterne laver online, er de næsten ukendte af alle.	Despite all the campaigns the separatists make online, they're virtually unknown by everyone.
Separatisternes leder har sikret sig finansiering fra fremmede magter.	The leader of the separatists has secured funding from foreign powers.
Separatisterne forsøger at bruge alle tricks i bogen for at vinde popularitet.	The separatists are trying to use every trick in the book to gain popularity.
Separatisterne udgør en trussel mod vores nationale enhed.	The separatists pose a threat to our national unity.
Separatisternes leder vil aldrig være i stand til at rette op på sine politiske fejl.	The leader of the separatists will never be able to rectify his political blunders.
Det mentale helbred hos separatisternes leder er i tilbagegang.	The mental health of the leader of the separatists is in decline.
Han forblev loyal over for separatisternes leder.	He remained loyal to the leader of the separatists.
Separatisternes leder ønsker at være leder af en fascistisk marionetstat i den nordlige del af vores land.	The leader of the separatists wants to be the leader of a fascist puppet state in the north of our country.
Separatisternes leder er nu en skygge af sit tidligere jeg.	The leader of the separatists is now a shadow of his former self.
Hvis lederen af ​​separatister kommer til vores region, vil han blive spyttet på og smidt ud.	If the leader of the separatists comes to our region, he will be spat at and kicked out.
Lederen af ​​separatisternes arrogance viste sig at være hans undergang.	The leader of the separatists' arrogance proved to be his undoing.
Yanni blev født i den algeriske by Bejaia.	Yanni was born in the Algerian city of Bejaia.
Yanni tog en grad i Berber.	Yanni gained a degree in Berber.
Han ville ikke have, at jeg ringede til ham.	He didn't want me to phone him.
Yanni vendte tilbage til Algier som berberlærer.	Yanni returned to Algiers as a Berber teacher.
Yanni har en samling algeriske mønter.	Yanni has a collection of Algerian coins.
Hun ville ikke have, at jeg ringede til hende.	She didn't want me to phone her.
Yanni sluttede sig til den algeriske hær.	Yanni joined the Algerian army.
Et af de fag, Yanni skal mestre, er berbersproget.	One of the subjects Yanni is required to master is the Berber language.
Yanni førte dagbog på berbisk.	Yanni kept a diary in Berber.
Yanni blev født i bjergene i det nordlige Algeriet.	Yanni was born in the mountains of northern Algeria.
Mange separatister har stærke racistiske holdninger.	Many separatists have strong racist views.
Han er nu involveret i separatistgruppen.	He is now involved with the separatist group.
Separatisternes leder er kendt for sin bombastiske tale.	The leader of the separatists is known for his bombastic speech.
Værdien af ​​den algeriske dinar er faldet.	The value of the Algerian dinar has fallen.
Tyskerne har desperat brug for russisk gas til at opvarme deres hjem.	Germans desperately need Russian gas to heat their homes.
Separatisterne er ikke længere i stand til at organisere massemøder i vores region.	The separatists are no longer able to organize mass meetings in our region.
Vi er vidne til separatistgruppens undergang.	We're witnessing the downfall of the separatist group.
Han har sluttet sig til separatistgruppen.	He has joined the separatist group.
Han sluttede sig til separatistgruppen til sine forældres utilfredshed.	He joined the separatist group much to his parents' displeasure.
Separatistens leder står tilbage uden en magtfuld ven, gennem hvilken han kunne give sig til kende.	The leader of the separatist is left without a powerful friend through which he could make himself known.
Separatisterne er ved at blive besat af deres racistiske ideer.	The separatists are becoming obsessed with their racist ideas.
Han sluttede sig til en obskur separatistgruppe.	He joined an obscure separatist group.
Han sluttede sig til separatistgruppen.	He joined the separatist group.
Denne separatistiske aktivists job består i at sikre finansiering til separatistgruppen.	This separatist activist's job consists in securing funding for the separatist group.
Han blev taget med hendes separatistiske ideer.	He was taken with her separatist ideas.
Drents er en gruppe af varianter af det nedersaksiske landsdelssprog.	Drents is a group of variants of the Low Saxon regional language.
De arbejder på at udvide medlemsskaren af ​​deres ubetydelige separatistgruppe.	They're working on expanding the membership of their insignificant separatist group.
Yanni er stadig i Algeriet.	Yanni is still in Algeria.
Separatistgruppen bliver mere militaristisk og radikal.	The separatist group is becoming more militaristic and radical.
Separatistgruppen vil snart bryde sammen.	The separatist group will soon collapse.
Separatistgruppen vil snart blive opløst.	The separatist group will soon be dissolved.
Præsidenten for separatistgruppen er sin egen politiske gruppes diktator.	The president of the separatist group is the dictator of his own political group.
Folk giver nu i stigende grad udtryk for deres bekymring over indflydelsen fra den racistiske separatistgruppe.	People are now increasingly voicing their concern regarding the influence of the racist separatist group.
Lederen af ​​separatistgruppen bliver mere og mere arrogant.	The leader of the separatist group is increasingly arrogant.
Separatisternes leder er leder af en klovnerisk eksilregering.	The leader of the separatists is the head of a clownish government in exil.
Ingen anelse om hvad jeg skal gøre.	No idea what I should do.
Jeg sidder bare her og stirrer på ingenting, da jeg ikke ved, hvad jeg skal gøre.	I'm just sitting here staring at nothing since I don't know what to do.
Jeg er ligeglad med, hvad du synes.	I don't give a shit what you think.
Jeg bliver grå over mine ører.	I'm going grey above my ears.
Jeg har noget hvidt hår.	I have some white hair.
Separatisterne ønsker at erstatte islam helt i vores region.	The separatists want to replace Islam altogether in our region.
Separatisterne er ekstremt racistiske og islamofobiske.	The separatists are extremely racist and Islamophobic.
Lad hans navn udslettes!	Let his name be obliterated!
Den er lige så ubrugelig som en chokolade tekande.	It is as useless as a chocolate teapot.
De er fædre.	They're fathers.
De er fædre.	They are fathers.
De er mødre.	They're mothers.
De er mødre.	They are mothers.
Daggryet kærtegner med sine rosenrøde fingre mængden med blomster.	The dawn, with its rosy fingers, caresses the crowd with flowers.
Tom-ofobi er stigende hos Tatoeba.	Tom-ophobia is on the rise at Tatoeba.
Ilya opfører sig, som om han har ret til, hvad han vil.	Ilya acts like he's entitled to whatever he wants.
Passionflix forvandler dine yndlingsromaner til film og serier.	Passionflix turns your favorite romance novels into movies and series.
Fascister må præsentere deres fjender som på én gang svage og magtfulde, latterlige og truende, ubetydelige og en eksistentiel trussel mod nationens sikkerhed og stabilitet.	Fascists must present their enemies as simultaneously weak and powerful, ridiculous and menacing, insignificant and an existential threat to the security and stability of the nation.
Du skal dog ikke bekymre dig, vel?	Not to worry though, right?
Tågen letter.	The fog is lifting.
Emah Shemoi!	Yemach shmoy!
Yimach skema!	Yimach shemo!
Tom skulle være faldet for år siden.	Tom should've fallen years ago.
Dette er SpaceXs anden rumflyvningstest af sin Crew Dragon og dens første test med astronauter ombord.	This is SpaceX’s second spaceflight test of its Crew Dragon and its first test with astronauts aboard.
"I dag begynder en ny æra inden for menneskelig rumflyvning, da vi igen opsendte amerikanske astronauter på amerikanske raketter fra amerikansk jord på vej til den internationale rumstation, vores nationale laboratorium, der kredser om jorden," sagde NASA-administrator Jim Bridenstine.	“Today a new era in human spaceflight begins as we once again launched American astronauts on American rockets from American soil on their way to the International Space Station, our national lab orbiting Earth,” said NASA Administrator Jim Bridenstine.
Dette er et vigtigt skridt på vores vej til at udvide menneskelig udforskning til Månen og Mars.	This is an important step on our path to expand human exploration to the Moon and Mars.
Den USA-baserede Committee to Protect Journalists fordømte lørdag rapporterede angreb fra politi og demonstranter mod journalister, der dækkede demonstrationerne over hele landet, der brød ud efter George Floyds død i Minneapolis, en afroamerikaner, i politiets varetægt.	The U.S.-based Committee to Protect Journalists Saturday condemned reported attacks by police and protesters against journalists covering the demonstrations across the country that erupted after the Monday death in Minneapolis of George Floyd, an African American, in police custody.
"Målrettede angreb på journalister, mediehold og nyhedsorganisationer, der dækker demonstrationerne, viser en fuldstændig ignorering af deres kritiske rolle i at dokumentere spørgsmål af offentlig interesse og er et uacceptabelt forsøg på at intimidere dem," sagde CPJs programdirektør Carlos Martínez de la Serna i avisen. erklæring.	“Targeted attacks on journalists, media crews, and news organizations covering the demonstrations show a complete disregard for their critical role in documenting issues of public interest and are an unacceptable attempt to intimidate them,” CPJ program director Carlos Martínez de la Serna said in the statement.
Grækenland er måske en topferiedestination, men for briterne, amerikanerne og italienerne, der drømmer om at komme væk, vil landet være forbudt i nogen tid.	Greece may be a top vacation destination, but for the British, Americans and Italians dreaming of getting away, the country will be off limits for some time.
Britiske og amerikanske rejsende udgør normalt den største og mest velhavende pulje af besøgende til Grækenland.	British and American travelers normally make up the biggest and most affluent pool of visitors to Greece.
Italien har taget tilbage på Grækenlands design og siger, at det ikke er rimeligt at sortliste lande og rejsende, og at Italien ikke vil tillade sig at blive betragtet og behandlet som det, en førende embedsmand kaldte "en spedalsk koloni."	Italy has snapped back at Greece's designs, saying blacklisting countries and travelers isn't fair, and that Italy would not allow itself to be viewed and treated as what one leading official called "a leper colony."
Øen Kreta er et populært feriemål.	The island of Crete is a popular holiday destination.
Det er allerede holdt op med at regne, så vi kunne gå en tur.	It has already stopped raining, so we could go for a walk.
Der er endnu en ting tilbage at lære.	There's one more thing left to learn.
Der er endnu en ting tilbage, du skal lære.	There is one more thing left you must learn.
Ingen anelse om hvad man skal gøre.	No idea what to do.
Yanni døde af sepsis.	Yanni died of sepsis.
Palæstinenserne vil aldrig forlade deres lande.	The Palestinians will never leave their lands.
Det ser ud til, at separatistgruppens forsøg på at vinde popularitet i vores region er slået fejl.	It seems that the attempts of the separatist group to gain popularity in our region have failed.
Han er medlem af en udkant separatistgruppe.	He's a member of a fringe separatist group.
Havskaller er allerede blevet brugt som valuta.	Sea shells have already been used as currency.
Skriv det, tak.	Write it, please.
Jeg har læst begge disse bøger.	I have read both these books.
Det separatistiske flag er forbudt af offentligheden i folkelige marcher.	The separatist flag is banned by the public in popular marches.
Det separatistiske flag er blevet et racistisk symbol.	The separatist flag has become a racist symbol.
Det separatistiske flag er blevet et symbol på radikalisme og racistisk had.	The separatist flag has become a symbol of radicalism and racist hatred.
Vi skal blive til det sidste.	We have to stay until the end.
Hvad skal jeg så gøre?	What am I supposed to do then?
Hvad skal jeg så gøre?	What should I do then?
Vi besøger vores moster næste søndag.	We are visiting our aunt next Sunday.
Hun vaskede op og lavede så kaffe til sig selv.	She washed the dishes and then made herself coffee.
NASA-astronauterne Robert Behnken og Douglas Hurley ombord på SpaceX Dragon Endeavour er ankommet til den internationale rumstation.	NASA astronauts Robert Behnken and Douglas Hurley aboard the SpaceX Dragon Endeavour have arrived at the International Space Station.
Mary oplevede sin første orgasme med Tom.	Mary experienced her first orgasm with Tom.
Dette tog er meget gammelt.	This train is very old.
Jeg har advaret dig flere gange.	I have warned you several times.
Den rotte-ansigtede bastard Tom slog min yngre bror.	That rat-faced bastard Tom beat up my younger brother.
Han må hellere bede om, at jeg ikke finder ham.	He better pray that I don't find him.
Katte er så søde.	Cats are such sweethearts.
Katte er så søde.	Cats are so sweet.
Katte er så søde.	Cats are so cute.
Hun beskyttede bare familien mod faderen.	She just protected the family from the father.
Tom og Yanni så homoseksuel porno.	Tom and Yanni watched gay porn.
Yanni er min yndlings græske musiker.	Yanni is my favorite Greek musician.
Nogle sætninger er som ørne.	Some sentences are like eagles.
De flokkes ikke sammen med oversættelser.	They don't flock together with translations.
Du finder dem én ad gangen.	You find them one at a time.
Kom her til mig.	Come here to me.
Vær min kone.	Be my wife.
Det var hans vilje.	That was his will.
Hvad skal jeg ellers gøre for at tilfredsstille hende?	What else should I do to satisfy her?
Du skal sove nu.	You must sleep now.
Jeg forventede, at hun ville ringe til mig.	I expected her to call me.
De vil aldrig have penge nok.	They will never have enough money.
Tom borede et hul i væggen og faldt derefter sammen.	Tom drilled a hole in the wall and then collapsed.
Jeg venter et brev fra ham.	I am expecting a letter from him.
Jeg venter et brev fra ham.	I'm expecting a letter from him.
Vinteren er lang endnu.	The winter is long yet.
Min mening har ikke ændret sig.	My opinion hasn't changed.
Tom er leder af Antifa.	Tom is the leader of Antifa.
Det nye forbrug er drevet af Toms store bankkonto.	The new spending is fueled by Tom's large bank account.
Da nazisterne kom efter kommunisterne, sagde jeg ingenting, for jeg var ikke kommunist.	When the Nazis came for the communists, I said nothing, because I was not a communist.
Da de spærrede socialdemokraterne inde, sagde jeg ingenting, for jeg var ikke socialdemokrat.	When they locked up the social democrats, I said nothing, because I was not a social democrat.
Da de kom efter fagforeningsfolkene, sagde jeg ingenting, for jeg var ikke fagforeningsmand.	When they came for the trade unionists, I said nothing, because I was not a trade unionist.
Da de kom efter mig, var der ingen tilbage, der kunne protestere.	When they came for me, there was no one left who could protest.
Jeg gjorde ikke noget, og det var netop problemet.	I didn't do anything and that was exactly the problem.
Jeg kan ikke se hende i øjnene.	I can't look into her eyes.
Temperaturen begynder at falde.	The temperature begins to drop.
Den kvindelige sangerinde, som du var forelsket i, da du var barn, er død af kræft.	The female singer that you were in love with when you were a child has died of cancer.
Han blev skubbet ned fra borgmuren.	He was pushed down from the castle wall.
Hvis hest er det?	Whose horse is it?
Tom besluttede at afvise Mary i hemmelighed.	Tom decided to reject Mary secretly.
Lammene blev dræbt af en ulv.	The lambs were killed by a wolf.
"Hvorfor ikke?"	"Why not?"
"Jeg er bange for, at han bliver vred på mig."	"I'm afraid he'll be angry with me."
Jeg bliver nødt til at skrive nogle breve.	I'm going to have to write some letters.
Den, der begynder, har gjort halvdelen af ​​arbejdet.	He who begins has done half the work.
Hun har aldrig rigtig elsket mig.	She never really loved me.
Esther lærte mig at hækle.	Esther taught me to crochet.
Esther lærte mig at væve.	Esther taught me to weave.
Ruth lærte mig at strikke.	Ruth taught me to knit.
De har ikke penge til nyt tøj.	They don't have money for new clothes.
Sorte liv betyder noget.	Black lives matter.
Tim blev dræbt under en hændelse med en politibetjent.	Tim was killed during an incident with a police officer.
Optøjerne og plyndrerne vanærer George Floyds minde.	The rioters and looters are dishonoring George Floyd's memory.
Antifa vil blive udpeget som en terrororganisation.	Antifa will be designated a terrorist organization.
Sikkerhed og tryghed kommer først.	Safety and security come first.
Militæret skal være klar til at sikre den nationale sikkerhed.	The military must be ready to ensure national security.
For guds skyld, hvis side er de på?	For God's sake, whose side are they on?
Katya gnider sig i hænderne over nyheden.	Katya is rubbing her hands at the news.
Mike laskede alle sine modstandere.	Mike lapped all of his opponents.
Jonathan starter løbet i pole position.	Jonathan will start the race in the pole position.
Jeg kunne ikke bestemme, hvilken det var.	I couldn't determine which one it was.
Det kræver en vis portion mod at gøre det.	It takes a certain amount of courage to do that.
Antifa hjalp med at genopbygge Tyskland efter Anden Verdenskrig.	Antifa helped rebuild Germany after World War II.
Jøder skylder vores liv vores bedsteforældres voldsomme antifascistiske modstand.	Jews owe our lives to the violent antifascist resistance of our grandparents.
Antifa er nødvendig, så længe der er fascisme.	Antifa is necessary as long as there is fascism.
Det er ingen overraskelse, at fascister hader antifascister.	It's no surprise that fascists hate antifascists.
Antifa hjalp med at genopbygge Europa efter Anden Verdenskrig.	Antifa helped rebuild Europe after World War II.
De udnyttede os.	They took advantage against us.
Jeg håber ikke, jeg siger noget dumt.	I hope I don't say anything stupid.
Er du lige så queer som jeg er?	Are you as queer as I am?
Glad Pride!	Happy Pride!
Ingen retfærdighed, ingen fred.	No justice, no peace.
Jeg kan ikke stoppe med at tromme på mit bryst.	I can't stop drumming on my chest.
Hatsune Miku skabte Minecraft.	Hatsune Miku created Minecraft.
Minecraft er et sandkasse-videospil skabt af Hatsune Miku.	Minecraft is a sandbox video game created by Hatsune Miku.
Du vil forstå, når du bliver ældre, Tom.	You'll understand when you're older, Tom.
Tom skabte Minecraft.	Tom created Minecraft.
Layla er forfatteren til Harry Potter.	Layla is the author of Harry Potter.
Fascismen er i fuld gang.	Fascism is in full swing.
Det, der er-hans-ansigt, er kedeligt.	What's-his-face is boring.
Spis, spis!	Eat, eat!
Tag en sweater på!	Put a sweater on!
Vil du blive forkølet?	You want to catch a cold?
Svøm ikke lige efter du har spist.	Don't swim right after you eat.
Tom har et ugentligt radioprogram.	Tom has a weekly radio show.
Nok med ansvarsfraskrivelserne; komme videre med det.	Enough with the disclaimers; get on with it.
De ville ikke lukke Tom ind, fordi han havde en hættetrøje på.	They wouldn't let Tom in because he was wearing a hoodie.
De burde lave en sitcom om Tom og Mary.	They should make a sitcom about Tom and Mary.
De laver en sitcom om Tom og Mary.	They're making a sitcom about Tom and Mary.
Konformitet er kedeligt.	Conformity is boring.
Har du selv koreograferet det?	Did you choreograph that yourself?
De har en masse forskellige typer duftlys i Toms butik.	They have a lot of different types of scented candles at Tom's store.
Heath kan være så nedladende.	Heath can be so condescending.
Kan Mars være beboelig en dag?	Could Mars be habitable some day?
Et spøgelse hjemsøger Amerika - britisk engelsks spøgelse.	A spectre is haunting America — the spectre of British English.
Kulilte er farveløs og lugtfri.	Carbon monoxide is colorless and odorless.
Er det ikke forfatningsstridigt?	Isn't that unconstitutional?
Til sidst spurgte jeg ham direkte: skrev han den grusomme artikel?	I finally asked him point-blank: did he write that atrocious article?
Han er en stærk konservativ.	He's a staunch conservative.
Han er nidkær, men meget skæv.	He's zealous but very flaky.
Hvad var det for noget, du lige prustede?	What was that stuff you just snorted, anyway?
Det gør mig ked af det bare at tænke på det.	It makes me queasy just thinking about it.
Han er en lille, hvordan skal jeg sige det?	He's a little, how should I put it?
Ukonventionelle.	Unconventional.
Du er en obligatorisk kødæder!	You're an obligate carnivore!
Du vil ikke have min salat, kat!	You don't want my salad, cat!
Vi gik fra hinanden i 2009, men har været nære venner siden da.	We split up in 2009, but have been close friends since then.
Svedende tørrede han panden med slips.	Sweating, he dried his forehead with his tie.
Svedende vaskede han panden med slipset.	Sweating, he mopped his brow with his tie.
Han svedte og tørrede panden med slips.	He was sweating, and dried his forehead with his tie.
Han svedte og vaskede panden med slips.	He was sweating, and mopped his brow with his tie.
Jeg tror, ​​jeg stadig har en skive pizza i ovnen.	I think I've still got a slice of pizza in the oven.
Jeg tror, ​​jeg stadig har en skive pizza i ovnen.	I think I still have a slice of pizza in the oven.
Jeg skal bruge en symaskine.	I need a sewing machine.
Tom havde Johns pyjamas på?	Tom had John's pyjamas on?
Havde Tom Johns pyjamas på?	Tom was wearing John's pyjamas?
Tom havde Johns pyjamas på?	Tom wore John's pyjamas?
Er dette den eneste tilgængelige stil?	Is this the only style available?
De trak sig tilbage til værelset ved siden af ​​for at tale privat med hinanden.	They withdrew to the room next door to talk to each other in private.
De trak sig tilbage til værelset ved siden af ​​for at tale privat.	They retired to the room next door to talk in private.
Bilen er tydeligvis gået i stykker - der kommer røg fra motoren.	The car has obviously broken down – smoke is coming from the engine.
Folk er udenfor.	The people are outside.
Undskyld mig, tilhører dette dig?	Excuse me, does this belong to you?
Undskyld mig, er det din?	Excuse me, is this yours?
Han kommer og besøger sin syge ven hver dag.	He comes and visits his sick friend every day.
"Ja," sagde hun, "du har ret."	"Yes," she said, "you're right."
Ring mig så snart du ankommer.	Ring me as soon as you arrive.
Ring til mig, så snart du ankommer.	Phone me as soon as you arrive.
Ring til mig, så snart du ankommer.	Call me as soon as you arrive.
Giv mig en klokke, så snart du ankommer.	Give me a bell as soon as you arrive.
Hans hold har stadig ikke tabt en kamp i denne sæson.	His team still hasn't lost a game this season.
Hvornår vil du fortælle mig resultatet?	When will you tell me the result?
Hotellet ligger på den anden side af gaden.	The hotel is on the other side of the street.
Kan du i det mindste se broen?	Can you at least see the bridge?
Kirsebærtræerne i blomst er meget smukke.	The cherry trees in bloom are very beautiful.
Du har været en stor hjælp for din familie.	You've been a great help to your family.
Du var en stor hjælp for din familie.	You were a great help to your family.
Personalet frygter yderligere nedskæringer.	Staff fear further job cuts.
Personalet frygter fornyede nedskæringer.	Staff fear renewed job cuts.
Personalet frygter endnu en runde med nedskæringer.	Staff fear another round of job cuts.
Den originale version af sangen lyder meget bedre.	The original version of the song sounds much better.
Har du ikke hørt nyheden?	Haven't you heard the news?
Marc er en af ​​de arkitekter, der har formet dette årti.	Marc is one of the architects who have shaped this decade.
Hvad hed den film?	What was that film called?
Solen skinner stadig i horisonten.	The sun is still shining on the horizon.
Han skal derhen.	He has to go there.
Han skal derhen.	He's got to go there.
Han skal derhen.	He must go there.
Hun skal derhen.	She has to go there.
Hun skal derhen.	She's got to go there.
Mor rører i suppen med en træske.	Mum is stirring the soup with a wooden spoon.
Han kom uforvarende salt i sin kop kaffe.	He inadvertently put salt into his cup of coffee.
Han har ved en fejl puttet salt i sin kop kaffe.	He's put salt into his cup of coffee by mistake.
Har du ikke set denne musical?	Haven't you seen this musical?
Har du ikke set den musical?	Haven't you seen that musical?
Søjlerne tager tagets vægt.	The pillars take the roof's weight.
Søjlerne bærer vægten af ​​taget.	The pillars are bearing the weight of the roof.
Hun skændes konstant med sine forældre.	She argues with her parents constantly.
De sko er meget kære.	Those shoes are very dear.
Disse sko er meget dyre.	These shoes are very expensive.
Du skal træne mere.	You have to train more.
Du skal træne mere.	You've got to train more.
Du skal træne mere.	You must train more.
Du skal øve dig mere.	You have to practise more.
Du skal øve dig mere.	You've got to practise more.
Du skal øve dig mere.	You must practise more.
Denne adfærd er typisk for ham.	This behaviour is typical of him.
Den adfærd er typisk for ham.	That behaviour is typical of him.
Der er masser af dyr at se her.	There are lots of animals to see here.
Der er masser af dyr at se her.	There are plenty of animals to see here.
Der er mange dyr at se her.	There are a lot of animals to see here.
Hun sagde, at hun boede i Osaka.	She said she lived in Osaka.
Hun sagde, at hun boede i Osaka.	She said she was living in Osaka.
Hun var en britisk statsborger af fransk afstamning.	She was a British citizen of French descent.
Hvad er klokken nu?	What time is it now?
Klokken er præcis 10.	It's exactly 10 o'clock.
Tager du checks?	Do you take cheques?
Tandlægen fraråder dig at spise slik.	The dentist advises you against eating sweets.
Hans spørgsmål var meget direkte.	His questions were very direct.
Hendes spørgsmål var meget direkte.	Her questions were very direct.
Projektørlysene lyste op på hele stadion.	The floodlights lit up the whole stadium.
Det er faktisk ikke sandt.	Actually that's not true.
Du ved ikke, hvad hun vil sige endnu.	You don't know what she'll say yet.
Hvordan har tingene været på det seneste?	How have things been lately?
Himlen skyede pludselig over.	The sky suddenly clouded over.
Himlen blev pludselig overskyet.	The sky suddenly became overcast.
Han skrev et brev og lyttede til musik.	He was writing a letter and listening to music.
Da han var alvorligt syg, blev en læge tilkaldt.	As he was seriously ill a doctor was called.
Mødet bliver formentlig aflyst.	The meeting will probably be cancelled.
Han bidrog også.	He contributed as well.
Han bidrog også til det.	He contributed to it as well.
Han har også bidraget.	He has contributed as well.
Han har også bidraget til det.	He has contributed to it as well.
Hun gik langsomt, for at hun ikke skulle skride.	She walked slowly, so that she wouldn't slip.
Hun gik langsomt, for at hun ikke skulle skride.	She went slowly, so that she wouldn't slip.
Hun gik langsomt, for at hun ikke skulle skride.	She was walking slowly, so that she wouldn't slip.
Denne maler studerede i Paris.	This painter studied in Paris.
Hvem er den mand?	Who's that man?
Kender du ham?	Do you know him?
Ingen gav hende en chance.	No one gave her a chance.
Det har regnet uafbrudt på det seneste.	It's been raining non-stop lately.
Det har regnet konstant på det seneste.	It's been raining constantly lately.
Regnen har været konstant på det seneste.	The rain has been constant lately.
Lystfiskeren fangede en karpe på ti kilo.	The angler caught a carp weighing ten kilos.
Denne kjole er god værdi.	This dress is good value.
Denne kjole er en god pris.	This dress is a good price.
Bøgerne ligger på skrivebordet.	The books are on the desk.
Han gik ud at gå med hende i morges.	He went out walking with her this morning.
De bøger, du leder efter, ligger på mit skrivebord.	The books that you're looking for are on my desk.
Marco har en værdifuld frimærkesamling.	Marco has a valuable stamp collection.
Marco besidder en værdifuld frimærkesamling.	Marco possesses a valuable stamp collection.
Hvor lang tid er der til spillet starter?	How long is it until the game starts?
Hvor lang tid før spillet starter?	How long before the game starts?
Hvor lang tid skal der gå før spillet starter?	How long to go before the game starts?
Det er klart for alle.	It's clear to everyone.
Det er indlysende for alle.	It's obvious to everyone.
De nygifte tilbragte deres bryllupsrejse på stranden.	The newly-weds spent their honeymoon on the beach.
De nygifte tilbragte deres bryllupsrejse på stranden.	The newly-weds were spending their honeymoon on the beach.
Denne butik har en masse fremmedsprogede magasiner.	This shop has a lot of foreign-language magazines.
Her er en stikkontakt, hvor du kan tilslutte en mobiloplader.	Here's a socket where you can plug in a mobile charger.
Er det et hurtigtog?	Is that an express train?
Han har tabt sin dummy.	He's dropped his dummy.
Han tabte sin dummy.	He dropped his dummy.
Hvorfor var han fraværende fra mødet?	Why was he absent from the meeting?
Hvorfor var hun ikke til mødet?	Why wasn't she at the meeting?
Kaffemaskinen virker ikke.	The coffee machine isn't working.
Kaffemaskinen virker ikke.	The coffee machine's not working.
Kaffemaskinen er ude af drift.	The coffee machine is out of order.
Kaffemaskinen blinker.	The coffee machine is on the blink.
Kaffemaskinen er pakket sammen.	The coffee machine has packed up.
Perkolatoren virker ikke.	The percolator isn't working.
Perkolatoren virker ikke.	The percolator's not working.
Perkolatoren er ude af drift.	The percolator is out of order.
Perkolatoren blinker.	The percolator is on the blink.
Perkolatoren er pakket sammen.	The percolator has packed up.
Du skal komme i morgen.	You've got to come tomorrow.
Mary siges at have sunget så smukt, at da hun en dag vovede sig ud på en slagmark, tabte de modstående soldater deres våben, glemte deres fjendskab og satte sig sammen bare for at lytte til hende; fuglene siges at være tavse; træerne, at have rykket sig op med rode og rykket tættere på; stenene, siger de, rejste sig fra flodlejet og steg op ad bredden, og vinden blæste kun for at bære hendes melodiske stemme.	Mary is said to have sung so beautifully that, when one day she ventured onto a battlefield, the opposing soldiers dropped their weapons, forgot their enmity and sat down together just to listen to her; the birds are said to have fallen silent; the trees, to have uprooted themselves and moved closer; the stones, they say, rose from the riverbed and mounted the bank, and the wind blew only to carry her melodious voice.
"Tom har sendt mig, Mary.	"Tom's sent me, Mary.
Fordi du ikke lader ham sætte foden her mere, og fordi der ikke er nogen anden måde for ham at kontakte dig på, har han bedt mig fortælle dig, hvor ked af det han er, og spørge, om du må tilgive ham.	Because you're not letting him set foot here any more, and because there's no other way for him to contact you, he's asked me to tell you how sorry he is, and to ask whether you might please forgive him.
Han er på knæ, siger han og tigger dig langvejs fra."	He's on his knees, he says, begging you from afar."
"Gå tilbage til Tom og fortæl ham, at han kan jogge videre, og blive ved med at jogge til tidens ende!"	"Go back to Tom and tell him he can jog on, and stay jogging till the end of time!"
Al snak var ophørt.	All talking had ceased.
Alle uden undtagelse stirrede på det sidste stykke chokolade på tallerkenen.	Everyone without exception was staring at the last piece of chocolate on the plate.
Skønt alle ville det, turde ingen tage det, for at de ikke skulle blive dømt uhøflige.	Although everyone wanted it, no one dared take it, lest they be judged impolite.
Til sidst blev spændingen uudholdelig, og Tom lænede sig frem med et suk.	At last the tension became unbearable, and Tom leant forward with a sigh.
"Så får vi den lige ud af dens elendighed," sagde han og stak den i munden.	"We'll just put it out of its misery, then," he said, popping it in his mouth.
"Godmorgen, Mary!	"Good morning, Mary!
Det er din telefon, der taler.	This is your telephone speaking.
Din morgenmad er klar.	Your breakfast is ready.
Tid til at stå op."	Time to get up."
"Jeg vil ikke stå op endnu.	"I don't want to get up yet.
Jeg vil sove."	I want to sleep."
"Du skal være på arbejde om en times tid, og du skal spise noget inden det."	"You have to be at work in an hour's time, and you must eat something before that."
Stønnende, i fortvivlelsens greb gjorde Mary, hvad enheden krævede.	Moaning, in the grip of despair, Mary did what the device demanded.
"Hvordan kunne det komme til det, at min telefon forudbestemmer min dag?"	"How could it come to this, that my phone preordains my day?"
Tom strøg eftertænksomt over hagen.	Tom stroked his chin thoughtfully.
Så, som ramt af et glimt af inspiration, løftede han pegefingeren, sprang fra stolen og talte med stor alvor, kastede han sig rundt i lokalet i meningsfulde skridt foran de forsamlede.	Then, as though struck by a flash of inspiration, he raised his forefinger, sprang from his chair and, speaking with great earnestness, launched himself about the room in meaningful strides before the assembled.
"Mine herrer!	"Gentlemen!
Vi er alt for komplicerede i vores tænkning.	We are far too complicated in our thinking.
Vi burde betragte situationen fra et egerns ydmyge perspektiv."	We ought to consider the situation from the humble perspective of a squirrel."
"Så har vi ikke noget tilbage at spise i huset?" mumlede Tom surt.	"So haven't we got anything left to eat in the house?" mumbled Tom sulkily.
"Ingen.	"No.
Som du kan se, er der intet tilbage.	As you can see, there's nothing left.
Men her er det – her er indkøbslisten,” svarede Mary og trykkede listen i hånden på ham, og hans mave knurrede som en udsultet ulv, mens han stod foran det tomme køleskab.	But here you go – here's the shopping list," replied Mary, pressing the list into his hand, his stomach growling like that of a starving wolf as he stood in front of the empty fridge.
"Nu kan du da gå og sætte dig i bilen og komme ned i butikkerne, ikke?"	"Now then, you can go and sit yourself in the car and get yourself down to the shops, can't you?"
Aftensmaden er i ovnen.	Dinner's in the oven.
Hun kan læse og skrive.	She can read and write.
Han tog en taxa til lufthavnen.	He took a taxi to the airport.
Så hvad handlede det om?	So, what was that about?
Jeg kunne ikke komme ind i korte shorts.	I couldn't enter in short shorts.
Jeg er en spion.	I'm a spy.
Jeg har arbejdet for Tom.	I've worked for Tom.
Separatisterne søger at udvide deres fascistiske gruppe på enhver mulig måde.	The separatists are seeking to expand their fascist group by any means possible.
Kom og hjælp.	Come and help.
Jeg kommer på mandag.	I'm coming on Monday.
Jeg er oberst.	I'm a colonel.
Går du midt i en aspeskov på en klar dag, vil du blive forkælet med et fantastisk lysdisplay.	If you walk amidst an aspen forest on a clear day, you will be treated to a fantastic light display.
Mange hypoteser er blevet fremsat for at forklare, hvordan bladskælv gavner Populus.	Many hypotheses have been put forward to explain how leaf quaking benefits Populus.
Jeg er her hver mandag.	I'm here every Monday.
Jeg er en genert dreng.	I'm a shy boy.
Krig er fred.	War is peace.
Overvågning er frihed.	Surveillance is liberty.
Uvidenhed er styrke.	Ignorance is strength.
Jeg er anderledes end Tom.	I'm different from Tom.
Jeg er med i et skuespil.	I'm in a play.
Tom vokser hurtigt.	Tom is growing up fast.
Jeg er et sted.	I'm in a spot.
Jeg skal ringe tilbage til Tom.	I need to call Tom back.
Jeg er butiksejer.	I'm a shopkeeper.
Deres børn har ingen sko.	Their children don't have any shoes.
Jeg kommer med Tom.	I'll be coming with Tom.
I'm a simple man.	I'm a simple man.
Jeg er lærer i fransk.	I'm a teacher of French.
Simon Wiesenthal Center kom modigt ud mod Simon Wiesenthal.	The Simon Wiesenthal Center bravely came out against Simon Wiesenthal.
Jeg er rejseleder.	I'm a tour guide.
Antifascisme er fascisme.	Antifascism is fascism.
Overvågning er frihed.	Surveillance is liberty.
At miste den folkelige stemme er et mandat.	Losing the popular vote is a mandate.
Du kan gå begge veje.	You can go either way.
Jeg er her i tre dage.	I'm here for three days.
Rids dine killinger for mig.	Scratch your kitties for me.
Skrids dine killinger for mig.	Scritch your kitties for me.
Alt godt?	All good?
Jeg har fri hele dagen.	I'm free all day.
Trump er gennemsigtig i den forstand, at han er en skamløs hykler.	Trump is transparent in the sense that he is a shameless hypocrite.
Har Mary en mand?	Does Mary have a husband?
Jeg er en langsom læser.	I'm a slow reader.
Jeg drømmer normalt på fransk.	I usually dream in French.
Jeg er astrolog.	I'm an astrologer.
Jeg har spurgt Tom om det.	I've asked Tom about that.
Hvilken smag er det?	What flavor is it?
Tom taler ikke kun engelsk, men også tysk.	Tom speaks not only English, but also German.
Skal de også med?	Are they going, too?
Jeg er glad af tre grunde.	I'm glad for three reasons.
Jeg er ortopæd.	I'm an orthopedist.
Jeg gik ud fra, du ville tage til Boston.	I assumed you'd go to Boston.
Jeg køber et hus.	I'm buying a house.
Jeg følte mig forpligtet til at hjælpe Tom.	I felt obligated to help Tom.
Jeg spiser en doughnut.	I'm eating a donut.
Du har ikke opfundet noget nyt.	You didn't invent anything new.
Alt er fortolkning.	Everything is interpretation.
Du har ikke opfundet noget nyt.	You haven't invented anything new.
Jeg er canadisk og stolt af det.	I'm Canadian and proud of it.
Jeg er en husmand.	I'm a house-husband.
Jeg er misundelig på Toms succes.	I'm envious of Tom's success.
Yanni døde uden mandlige arvinger.	Yanni died without male heirs.
Yanni havde ingen mandlige arvinger.	Yanni had no male heirs.
Jeg er iværksætter.	I'm an entrepreneur.
Jeg er hjemme ved tretiden.	I'll be home by three o'clock.
Yanni konverterede til den muslimske tro.	Yanni converted to the Muslim faith.
Yanni kunne ikke forråde sine islamiske principper.	Yanni couldn't betray his Islamic principles.
Yanni er nu gift med en muslimsk kvinde fra Algeriet.	Yanni is now married to a Muslim woman from Algeria.
Yanni var muslim, og det var ikke noget, han ville skjule.	Yanni was Muslim and it was not something he wanted to hide.
Yanni var muslim, og det var ikke noget, han kunne skjule.	Yanni was Muslim and it wasn't something he could hide.
Jeg har fri indtil kl.	I'm free until noon.
Hun sagde, at han ikke troede på hende.	She said he didn't believe her.
Jeg er bange for, at Tom vil fejle.	I'm afraid that Tom will fail.
Hun sagde, at hun ikke var skør.	She said she was not crazy.
Tom er blevet taget til intensivafdelingen.	Tom has been taken to the ICU.
Min nevø går i sjette klasse i folkeskolen.	My nephew is in the sixth class of the elementary school.
Jeg er her om mandagen.	I'm here on Mondays.
Jeg har allerede drukket tre øl.	I've already drunk three beers.
Jeg er også arbejdsløs.	I'm unemployed, too.
Jeg har tilbragt noget tid i Boston.	I've spent some time in Boston.
Vi har adopteret en dreng.	We've adopted a boy.
Tom forklarede mig alt.	Tom explained everything to me.
Hun fortalte mig, at hun allerede havde besøgt Rusland.	She told me that she had already visited Russia.
Jeg keder mig i klassen.	I get bored in class.
Tom er ikke ærlig over for mig.	Tom isn't being honest with me.
Jeg er en mand, ikke en dreng.	I'm a man, not a boy.
John hopper fra en afsats til en trampolin.	John jumps from a ledge to a trampoline.
Trækker jeg i den røde ledning eller den blå?	Do I pull the red wire or the blue one?
Jeg bliver hos dig indtil mandag.	I'll stay with you until Monday.
Jeg er selv lærer.	I'm a teacher myself.
Jeg skal til Boston næste sommer.	I'm going to Boston next summer.
Hun nævnte ham aldrig igen.	She never mentioned him again.
Jeg er god til at jonglere.	I'm good at juggling.
Jeg har spurgt Tom, hvad jeg skulle gøre.	I've asked Tom what I should do.
Jeg er sulten lige nu.	I'm hungry right now.
Hun fortalte mig, at hun ikke var alene.	She told me that she was not alone.
Jeg ved ikke, hvad jeg skal gøre med Tom.	I don't know what to do with Tom.
Har du også hjemve?	Are you homesick, too?
Jeg overvejer at flytte til Boston.	I'm considering moving to Boston.
Jeg skal i poolen.	I'm going to the pool.
Jeg vil fortælle Tom, hvad han skal gøre.	I'm going to tell Tom what to do.
Det var noget af et show.	That was quite a show.
Tom er ikke lige med mig.	Tom isn't being straight with me.
Jeg vil prøve at komme til tiden.	I'll try to be on time.
Alle ved, at Toms fransk er godt.	Everyone knows that Tom's French is good.
Alle vidste, at Toms fransk var godt.	Everyone knew that Tom's French was good.
Jeg er i stand til at kommunikere på fransk.	I'm able to communicate in French.
Jeg vil til Kina.	I want to go to China.
Jeg gik ud fra, at du ville tage til Boston.	I assumed that you'd go to Boston.
Jeg håber ikke, at jeg siger noget dumt.	I hope that I don't say anything stupid.
Jeg er en 13-årig dreng.	I'm a 13-year-old boy.
Jeg er tre måneder yngre end dig.	I'm three months younger than you.
Jeg er glad som en musling.	I'm as happy as a clam.
Hvordan var din ferie i Australien?	How was your vacation in Australia?
Jeg fortalte hende, at jeg ville til Boston.	I told her I wanted to go to Boston.
Jeg væmmes ved dig.	I'm disgusted with you.
Jeg er en 11-årig dreng.	I'm an 11-year-old boy.
Jeg er en elleve-årig dreng.	I'm an eleven-year-old boy.
Jeg er en tretten-årig dreng.	I'm a thirteen-year-old boy.
Forskere og miljøforkæmpere opfordrer til et internationalt moratorium for dybhavsminedrift efter at have udgivet en rapport, der indikerer, at dens indvirkning på Stillehavet og ø-stater vil være alvorlig, omfattende og vare i generationer.	Scientists and environmentalists are urging an international moratorium on deep-sea mining after releasing a report indicating its impact on the Pacific Ocean and island states would be severe, extensive and last for generations.
Forskere og miljøforkæmpere opfordrer til et internationalt moratorium for dybhavsminedrift.	Scientists and environmentalists are urging an international moratorium on deep-sea mining.
Polymetalliske knuder er klumper på størrelse med kartoffel, der findes i havbunden, og som indeholder metaller, der bruges i batterifremstilling og højteknologiske industrier.	Polymetallic nodules are potato-sized lumps found in the seabed that contain metals used in battery manufacturing and high-tech industries.
Minedrift efter polymetalliske knuder ville forårsage irreversibel skade på regionen, herunder Kiribati, Cookøerne, Nauru, Tonga, Papua Ny Guinea og Tuvalu.	Mining for polymetallic nodules would cause irreversible damage to the region, including Kiribati the Cook Islands, Nauru, Tonga, Papua New Guinea and Tuvalu.
Med titlen "Predicting the Impacts of Mining Deep Sea Polymetallic Nodules in the Pacific Ocean" repræsenterer den 52 sider lange rapport en videnskabelig konsensus baseret på 250 peer-reviewede artikler.	Entitled "Predicting the Impacts of Mining Deep Sea Polymetallic Nodules in the Pacific Ocean," the 52-page report represents a scientific consensus based on 250 peer-reviewed articles.
Firs ngo'er kræver et moratorium for dybhavsminedrift som følge af rapporten.	Eighty NGOs are calling for a moratorium on deep sea mining as a result of the report.
Jeg er enig i det meste af det, Tom sagde.	I agree with most of what Tom said.
Rapporten viste, at kaskelothvaler, hvalhajer, læderskildpadder og fugleliv kunne være i lige så stor risiko som kommercielle fisk som tun.	The report found sperm whales, whale sharks, leatherback turtles and bird life could be at as much risk as commercial fish such as tuna.
Lokalsamfund i Stillehavet er bekymrede for, at deres levevis bliver forstyrret, fordi de er meget forbundet med havmiljøet.	Local communities in the Pacific are worried about their way of life being disrupted because they’re very connected to the ocean environment.
Jeg vil til hotellet.	I want to go to the hotel.
Lamaer har længe været brugt i antistofforskning.	Llamas have long been used in antibody research.
Lamaer kan producere små antistoffer også kendt som nanobodies.	Llamas can produces small antibodies also known as nanobodies.
Lama-antistoffer kan bruges til at bekæmpe coronavirus.	Llama antibodies could be used to fight the coronavirus.
Lamaer bruges som flokdyr.	Llamas are used as pack animals.
En lama i Pembrokeshire leverer dagligvarer til ældre beboere.	A llama in Pembrokeshire is delivering groceries to elderly residents.
Jeg har fri hele eftermiddagen.	I'm free all afternoon.
Tom kan lide lamaer.	Tom likes llamas.
Tom kan lide lamaer og alpakaer.	Tom likes llamas and alpacas.
Tom udgav for nylig sin første bog.	Tom recently published his first book.
Winter er en fire-årig lama.	Winter is a four-year-old llama.
Jeg vil fortsætte med at studere fransk.	I want to continue studying French.
Vær forsigtig med ikke at bære noget stramt, især sko, handsker, linning eller hat; for de kan vise sig at være en kilde til ubehag eller endda fare.	Be careful to wear nothing tight, particularly shoes, gloves, waistband, or hat; for they might prove a source of discomfort or even danger.
Cyklen kan mestres, og let mestres, ved at huske alle de ting, der ikke skal gøres, og ved at gøre alle de ting, der bør gøres.	The bicycle may be mastered, and easily mastered, by remembering all the things not to do and by doing all the things that should be done.
Vær forsigtig med at undgå at blive afkølet, mens du hviler, stop kun længe nok til at genoprette den naturlige vejrtrækning og se ud over vejen.	Be careful to avoid becoming chilled while resting, stopping only long enough to restore the natural breathing and to look over the road.
Det er godt at have en lille reserve af mad, såsom chokolade- eller oksekødstabletter, for at få en over en længere periode mellem måltiderne.	It is well to have a small reserve supply of food, such as chocolate or beef tablets, to tide one over a prolonged period between meals.
Tag hen, hvor du vil være uforstyrret, hvor der er god plads, og hvor en nøgle kan drejes om, hvis der er mulighed for afbrydelse.	Go where you will be undisturbed, where there is plenty of room, and where a key may be turned if there is possibility of interruption.
Søvnen kommer ikke altid til de overtrætte, og vi kan derfor konkludere, at det er bedre at være udhvilet, før man forsøger at sove.	Sleep does not always come to the over-tired, and we may therefore conclude that it is better to be rested before attempting to sleep.
For at forhindre en møtrik i at skrue af ved at støde osv. skrues den ned, indtil den sidder fast, som det hedder, fast mod overfladen, den hviler på.	To keep a nut from unscrewing by jarring, etc., screw it down until it jams, as it is called, firmly against the surface it rests on.
Tilstrækkeligt tøj bør bæres, men ikke for meget, og al motion bør undgås, der kan give meget rigelig sved.	Sufficient clothing should be worn but not too much, and all exercise should be avoided that might produce very copious perspiration.
Maskiner er bygget til specielle formål, og enhver pålidelig forhandler kan hjælpe dig med at vælge en maskine og garanterer tilfredshed.	Machines are built for special purposes, and any reliable dealer can help you in selecting a machine and will guarantee satisfaction.
I tilfælde af kollision har det køretøj, der har holdt den rigtige side af vejbanen, fordelen i tilfælde af juridisk uenighed.	In case of collision, the vehicle which has maintained the proper side of the roadway has the advantage in case of legal controversy.
Få en blikkenslager til at klippe en sektion af blyrør, der er omtrent lige så lang som skruestikkets kæber, og få rørstykket flækket og fladt.	Get a plumber to cut a section of lead pipe about as long as the jaws of the vise, and have the piece of pipe split and flattened.
Naturen giver forskellige midler til at holde kroppen på en jævn temperatur, og det er yderst vigtigt ikke at forstyrre denne balance.	Nature provides various means for keeping the body at an even temperature, and it is most essential not to disturb this balance.
Det er sjældent klogt at prøve at gå efter festen; det eneste formål med at bevæge sig ville være at holde varmen, for kuldegysninger skal undgås.	It is seldom wise to try and walk after the party; the only object in moving would be to keep warm, for a chill must be avoided.
Overvej alle forholdene, når du oplever, at du er træt, og afgør, om problemet er hos dig selv eller med vejret.	Consider all the conditions when you find that you are fatigued, and decide if the trouble is with yourself or with the weather.
En tynd person kan forblive tynd, og en tyk person forblive fed, mens den træner flittigt, hvis træningen ikke er korrekt rettet.	A thin person can remain thin and a fat person remain fat while exercising assiduously if the exercise is not properly directed.
I varmt vejr er det faktisk vigtigt ikke at omslutte anklerne i tunge støvler eller leggings, da disse ville sikre overophedning.	Indeed, in hot weather it is important not to encase the ankles in heavy boots or leggings, as these would ensure overheating.
En midlertidig reparation tager normalt lang tid og bør aldrig forsøges, medmindre der ikke er andet at gøre.	A temporary repair usually takes considerable time, and should never be attempted unless there is nothing else to be done.
En af de mange fordele ved cykling er, at den involverede øvelse ikke er begrænset til brugen af ​​et bestemt sæt muskler.	One of the many advantages of cycling is that the exercise involved is not limited to the use of any one set of muscles.
De fleste kvinder kan sy på en knap eller køre op ad en søm; syning betragtes faktisk snarere som et feminint instinkt end en kunst.	Most women can sew on a button or run up a seam; sewing, in fact, is regarded rather as a feminine instinct than an art.
Nybegynderen har dog den fordel, at han ikke har noget at lære, og kan drage fordel af andres erfaringer.	The novice, however, has the advantage that he has nothing to unlearn, and can profit by the experience of others.
Jeg er god til basketball.	I'm good at basketball.
Enhver cyklist kender sit eget naturlige tempo, og når man afgår derfra, må man regne med at blive blæst før eller siden.	Every bicyclist knows his own natural pace, and when departing from that must expect to be winded sooner or later.
Fugt dækkets overflade, og bemærk de bobler, der dannes under vandfilmen, og punkteringen er fundet.	Wet the surface of the tire, and note the bubbles that form under the film of water, and the puncture is found.
Metal kan bøjes, vrides, skæres, presses, forlænges, saves, strækkes og smeltes til enhver ønsket form.	Metal can be bent, twisted, cut, pressed, elongated, sawed, stretched, and melted into any shape desired.
Enhver sadel kan justeres for at være behagelig, men sadler forbliver sjældent komfortable efter at være blevet justeret.	Any saddle may be adjusted to be comfortable, but saddles seldom remain comfortable after being adjusted.
Forsøg aldrig at montere eller prøve cyklen, medmindre sadlen er korrekt fastgjort og ubevægelig.	Never attempt to mount or even to try the bicycle unless the saddle is properly secured and immovable.
Et korset, hvis det bæres, bør ikke strække sig under taljekanten og skal have elastisk sidesnøring.	A corset, if one is worn, should not extend below the waist-line, and should have elastic side-lacing.
Cykler slides selvfølgelig, men med ordentlig pleje kan de blive lavet til at holde længe.	Bicycles wear out, of course, but with proper care they may be made to last a long time.
Stil dig på venstre side af cyklen, og hold sadlen med højre hånd.	Stand on the left-hand side of the bicycle, and hold the saddle with the right hand.
Lær at passe på dit helbred og hvordan du forbereder dit system til at modstå træthed.	Learn to care for your health and how to prepare your system to resist fatigue.
Når du vælger et hjul, bør du vide, hvad du vil have, og hvorfor du vil have det.	When choosing a wheel, you should know what you want and why you want it.
Den mindst mulige mængde olie, der kan bruges, er den rette mængde.	The least possible amount of oil that can be used is the proper quantity.
Det er meget nemmere at hvile på cyklen ved at sætte farten ned end at stige af.	It is much easier to rest on the bicycle by slowing than to dismount.
Vejret påvirker faktisk cykling mere end nogen anden sport.	The weather, indeed, affects bicycling more than any other sport.
Øg mængden af ​​motion, der udføres, lidt ad gangen.	Increase by a little at a time the amount of exercise undertaken.
Hvis vejen er mudret eller glat, skal du vente på de rette forhold.	If the road is muddy or slippery, wait for the proper conditions.
Hvis der bæres en halsdæmper, skal den være af kashmir, ikke af silke.	If a neck-muffler is worn, it should be of cashmere, not of silk.
Fordøjelsen involverer muskelpåvirkning såvel som kemiske processer.	Digestion involves muscular action as well as chemical processes.
Lær at træde langsomt og roligt og at starte og stoppe let.	Learn to pedal slowly and steadily and to start and stop easily.
Der bruges to slags smøremidler på en cykel - olie og grafit.	Two kinds of lubricant are used on a bicycle--oil and graphite.
Der bør kun anvendes olie af den bedste kvalitet og ren grafit.	Only oil of the best quality and pure graphite should be used.
Kæden skal lægges i petroleum og lades trække.	The chain should be placed in kerosene and left to soak.
Mange mennesker forstår ikke, hvad der er bedst for dem.	Many people do not understand what is best for them.
Hvis skruen er olieagtig eller fedtet, vil den løsne sig.	If the screw is oily or greasy, it will work loose.
Køretøjer, der nærmer sig, passerer hinanden til højre.	Vehicles approaching pass each other on the right.
Find ud af, hvor meget arbejde du bør gøre, og gør det.	Find out how much work you ought to do, and do it.
Den eneste måde at få succes på er at prøve og prøve igen.	The only way to succeed is to try and try again.
Drej pedalerne for at se, at de drejer let.	Spin the pedals to see that they revolve easily.
Der er mange måder at udføre provisoriske reparationer på.	There are many ways of doing makeshift repairs.
Forsøg ikke at finde ud af, hvor hurtigt du kan gå.	Don't try to find out how fast you can go.
Prøv kun at gøre én ting ad gangen.	Try to do one thing only at a time.
Undgå hårdt arbejde, når det er muligt.	Avoid hard work whenever possible.
Det, der skal til, er øvelse.	What is needed is practice.
Sid oprejst og sidde stille.	Sit erect and sit still.
Det er meget nedslående.	It is very discouraging.
Undgå unødig spænding.	Avoid undue tension.
Hvor ser det nemt ud.	How easy it seems.
Jeg skal ud og spille golf med Tom.	I'm going to go play golf with Tom.
Jeg har allerede undskyldt.	I've apologized already.
Jeg er på et hotel i Boston lige nu.	I'm in a hotel in Boston right now.
Jeg kan ikke lide rulletrapper.	I don't like escalators.
Jeg har forsøgt selvmord tre gange.	I've attempted suicide three times.
Jeg er en kvinde, ikke en pige.	I'm a woman, not a girl.
Jeg har kendt Tom, siden han var baby.	I've known Tom since he was a baby.
Jeg er bange for alle.	I'm afraid of everybody.
Tom pustede sig selv med et blad.	Tom fanned himself with a magazine.
Jeg er en 13-årig pige.	I'm a 13-year-old girl.
Tom tog en slurk øl og smilede.	Tom took a swig of beer and smiled.
Der kom ingen til min fest.	No one came to my party.
Tom bliver hos os indtil mandag.	Tom will stay with us until Monday.
Spiser du meget kød?	Do you eat a lot of meat?
Det bliver vi nødt til at gøre før eller siden.	We're going to have to do that sooner or later.
Jeg er færdig om tre minutter.	I'll be done in about three minutes.
Jeg ved hvilken dag det er.	I'm aware what day it is.
Jeg har kendt Tom siden han var barn.	I've known Tom since he was a child.
Jeg er ved at være sammen med dig.	I'm dying to be with you.
Jeg er canadier og elsker mit land.	I'm a Canadian and I love my country.
Vi skulle være blevet og hjulpet hende.	We should've stayed and helped her.
Vi skulle være blevet og hjulpet ham.	We should've stayed and helped him.
Vi har drukket al vinen.	We've drunk all the wine.
Jeg er i tvivl om, hvad Tom mener.	I'm at a loss to know what Tom means.
Hans ansigt var hvidt.	His face was white.
Al vinen er blevet drukket.	All the wine's been drunk.
Jeg skal hente Tom fra skole.	I'm going to pick Tom up from school.
Spiser du meget brød?	Do you eat a lot of bread?
Jeg har været her tre gange i denne uge.	I've been here three times this week.
Spiser du meget frugt?	Do you eat a lot of fruit?
Jeg har vænnet mig til at arbejde med Tom.	I've gotten used to working with Tom.
Jeg kan ikke holde ud at være alene.	I can't stand being alone.
Jeg er enlig mor til tre børn.	I'm a single mother of three children.
Jeg planlægger at blive hjemme i dag.	I plan to stay home today.
Jeg vil spørge Tom, hvor han skal hen.	I'm going to ask Tom where he's going.
Jeg er maskiningeniør.	I'm a mechanical engineer.
Jeg er ikke i stand til at kommunikere på fransk.	I'm not able to communicate in French.
Jeg er bange for at blive fyret.	I'm afraid of being fired.
Jeg har allerede fortalt Tom Mary ikke er her.	I've already told Tom Mary isn't here.
Jeg er ikke god til tal.	I'm not good with numbers.
Du vil sandsynligvis lære meget af Tom.	You're likely to learn a lot from Tom.
Jeg er meget forvirret over dette.	I'm very confused by this.
Jeg planlægger at være her i tre dage.	I'm planning to be here for three days.
Lad os rive denne mur ned.	Let's tear down this wall.
Tom og Mary har begge et dårligt ry.	Tom and Mary both have bad reputations.
Der kom ingen til min koncert.	No one came to my concert.
Tom er en højt kvalificeret professionel.	Tom is a highly-qualified professional.
Der er ikke mere vin tilbage.	There's no more wine left.
Jeg får Tom til at reparere mit ur.	I'm going to get Tom to repair my watch.
Jeg er træt af alt.	I'm fed up with everything.
Jeg skal mødes med Tom i centrum i morgen.	I'm going to meet Tom downtown tomorrow.
Jeg skal til udlandet næste år.	I'm going abroad next year.
Jeg har kendt Tom, siden han var en lille dreng.	I've known Tom since he was a little boy.
Jeg skal på sommerskole.	I'm going to summer school.
Tom sad på bænken og lukkede øjnene.	Tom sat on the bench and closed his eyes.
Det kan jeg ikke nu.	I'm not able to do that now.
Vær venlig.	Please, please.
Jeg kan ikke trække vejret, officer!	I can't breathe, officer!
Jeg vil gerne have tre eksemplarer af denne bog.	I'd like to get three copies of this book.
Jeg er meget bange for edderkopper.	I'm very scared of spiders.
Da jeg havde shorts på, måtte jeg ikke komme ind.	As I was wearing shorts, I was not allowed to enter.
Jeg blev nægtet adgang, fordi jeg havde shorts på.	I was denied entry because I had shorts on.
De lukkede mig ikke ind, fordi jeg havde shorts på.	They did not let me in because I had shorts on.
Jeg havde shorts på, så jeg måtte ikke komme derind.	I was wearing shorts so I was not allowed in there.
Jeg skal tilbringe næste weekend i Boston.	I'm going to spend next weekend in Boston.
Jeg har allerede ringet til en taxa.	I've already called a taxi.
Jeg har allerede kaldt dig en taxa.	I've already called you a taxi.
Bogen du leder efter ligger på mit skrivebord.	The book that you're looking for is on my desk.
Jeg er spændt på udsigten til at møde Tom.	I'm excited at the prospect of meeting Tom.
Det er naivt at tro det.	It's naive to believe that.
Jeg vil have mit ur repareret af Tom.	I'm going to have my watch repaired by Tom.
Det er jeg helt sikker på.	I'm absolutely sure of that.
Jeg har allerede fortalt Tom, at Mary ikke er her.	I've already told Tom that Mary isn't here.
Jeg er bange for, at jeg kan komme til skade.	I'm afraid I might get hurt.
Kan du finde ud af, hvorfor Tom vil gøre det?	Could you find out why Tom wants to do that?
Jeg glemmer altid navne.	I'm always forgetting names.
Jeg er canadisk, og jeg vil have, at alle skal vide det.	I'm Canadian and I want everybody to know it.
Jeg er arkitektstuderende.	I'm an architecture student.
Yannis liv var fuld af formål.	Yanni's life was full of purpose.
Det er eftermiddagskaffetid.	It's afternoon coffee time.
Separatisternes leder fandt sig hurtigt udstødt.	The leader of the separatists soon found himself ostracized.
De delte begge deres beundring for separatistlederen.	They both shared their admiration for the separatist leader.
Separatisternes leder er en symbolsk figur for sine tilhængere.	The leader of the separatists is a symbolic figure to his supporters.
Separatisterne er blevet paranoide.	The separatists have become paranoid.
Jeg hjælper Tom med hans lektier i aften.	I'll be helping Tom with his homework tonight.
Separatisterne opfører sig som rabiate hunde.	The separatists act like rabid dogs.
Separatisterne reagerer på enhver kommentar som en flok rabiate hunde.	The separatists react to any comment like a pack of rabid dogs.
Det håber jeg at gøre i dag.	I'm hoping to do that today.
Jeg har allerede bedt Tom om at gøre det tre gange.	I've already asked Tom to do that three times.
Jeg skal deltage i mødet.	I have to attend the meeting.
Jeg har allerede talt med Tom om hans karakterer.	I've already talked with Tom about his grades.
Jeg vil prøve at være der til tiden.	I'll try to be there on time.
Min far taler fransk bedre end min mor.	My father speaks French better than my mother.
Jeg er bange for at gå der alene.	I'm afraid to go there alone.
Jeg fik ikke lov, da jeg havde shorts på.	I wasn't allowed in as I had short-shorts on.
Jeg blev nægtet adgang, da jeg havde atletiske shorts på.	I was denied entry, as I had athletic shorts on.
Min far taler bedre fransk end min mor.	My father speaks better French than my mother.
Jeg er glad for at høre din stemme.	I'm happy to hear your voice.
Jeg er i tvivl om, hvad jeg skal købe Tom til hans fødselsdag.	I'm at a loss what to buy Tom for his birthday.
Hele landsbyen er stolte af den nye skole.	The whole village is proud of the new school.
Tom blev gift som seksogtyve.	Tom got married at twenty-six.
Blomsterne skal vandes godt.	The flowers need to be watered well.
Jeg har problemer med det her.	I'm having trouble with this.
Mary ventede på dig.	Mary waited for you.
Mary er min kone, og jeg er hendes mand.	Mary is my wife, and I am her husband.
Tom ser dig ikke.	Tom doesn't see you.
Hun kilder sin datter.	She's tickling her daughter.
Tom læste Marys besked, men han svarede ikke.	Tom read Mary's message, but he didn't respond.
Mary er min kone, og jeg er hendes kone.	Mary is my wife, and I am her wife.
Tom er min mand, og jeg er hans kone.	Tom is my husband, and I am his wife.
Tom er min mand, og jeg er hans mand.	Tom is my husband, and I am his husband.
Du har ikke angivet farven.	You didn't specify the color.
Mary er min kone, og jeg er hendes ægtefælle.	Mary is my wife, and I am her spouse.
Tom er min mand, og jeg er hans ægtefælle.	Tom is my husband, and I am his spouse.
Mary er min ægtefælle, og jeg er deres ægtefælle.	Mary is my spouse, and I am their spouse.
Mary er min ægtefælle, og jeg er deres mand.	Mary is my spouse, and I am their husband.
Mary er min ægtefælle, og jeg er deres kone.	Mary is my spouse, and I am their wife.
Tom er min ægtefælle, og jeg er deres ægtefælle.	Tom is my spouse, and I am their spouse.
Tom er min ægtefælle, og jeg er deres kone.	Tom is my spouse, and I am their wife.
Tom er min ægtefælle, og jeg er deres mand.	Tom is my spouse, and I am their husband.
Jeg har erkendt min fejl.	I've acknowledged my mistake.
ABBAs "Bang-A-Boomerang" er en passende sang for min interesse for sprog og kulturer hos oprindelige folk rundt omkring på denne kloden.	ABBA's "Bang-A-Boomerang" is an apt song for my interest in the languages and cultures of indigenous peoples around this globe.
Jeg indsamler forskningsdokumenter om indiske, eskimoiske, stillehavs-, australske aboriginske, afrikanske og asiatiske sprog og kulturer.	I collect research documents about Amerindian, Eskimo, Pacific, Australian Aboriginal, African, and Asian languages and cultures.
Tom gik til byggemarked for at købe en stige.	Tom went to the hardware store to buy a ladder.
Tom er en pseudo-intellektuel.	Tom is a pseudo-intellectual.
Tom er en pseudointellektuel.	Tom is a pseudointellectual.
Jeg har allerede hørt denne joke.	I've already heard this joke.
Jeg giver Mary et armbånd til hendes fødselsdag.	I'll be giving Mary a bracelet for her birthday.
En veritabel fremmedfjendtlig, Zax var ikke en fremmedhad som sine klassekammerater.	A veritable xenophile, Zax was not a xenophobe like his classmates.
Bacon, svinefedt, smør, fløde, margarine og olie er alle meget fed mad.	Bacon, lard, butter, cream, margarine and oil are all very fatty foods.
Lad mig opsummere, hvad jeg sagde.	Let me summarize what I said.
Tom eksotiserer fremmede kulturer.	Tom exoticizes foreign cultures.
Jeg har allerede skrevet en e-mail til Tom om det.	I've already written an email to Tom about that.
Toms nabo er lidt af en gardin twitcher.	Tom's neighbour is a bit of a curtain twitcher.
Hvem laver aftensmad i aften?	Who's cooking dinner tonight?
Tom fetichiserer jødedommen.	Tom fetishizes Judaism.
Tom eksotiserer jødedommen.	Tom exoticizes Judaism.
Tom eksotiserer jiddishkeit.	Tom exoticizes Yiddishkeit.
Hvis du vil tale med Tom, bliver du nødt til at vente.	If you want to talk to Tom, you'll have to wait.
Alle var meget støttende.	Everybody was very supportive.
Jeg har arrangeret, at Tom møder dig i lufthavnen.	I've arranged for Tom to meet you at the airport.
Jeg klagede til rektor.	I complained to the principal.
Jeg gør mit bedste for at få alt gjort inden mandag.	I'm doing my best to get everything done by Monday.
Jeg ved ikke hvilken jeg skal købe.	I don't know which one to buy.
Jeg vil prøve at forhindre Tom i at gøre det igen.	I'm going to try to stop Tom from doing that again.
Jeg er ikke kommet mig helt endnu.	I haven't fully recovered yet.
Min far taler fransk bedre end min mor gør.	My father speaks French better than my mother does.
Venteværelset var overfyldt.	The waiting room was crowded.
Jeg vil prøve at nå dertil til tiden.	I'll try to get there on time.
Jeg er i stand til at kommunikere på fransk, men ikke særlig godt.	I'm able to communicate in French, but not very well.
Sami S. er sikh.	Sami is a Sikh.
Jeg overvejer at skifte job.	I'm considering changing jobs.
Vi har næsten tre timer mere, før vi skal afsted.	We have almost three more hours before we have to leave.
Sami Snet en sikh.	Sami is not a Sikh.
Jeg er træt af din opførsel.	I'm fed up with your behavior.
Sikher bærer turban.	Sikhs wear turbans.
Hvorfor bærer sikher turban?	Why do Sikhs wear turbans?
Er du sikh?	Are you a Sikh?
Er du sikh, same?	Are you a Sikh, Sami?
Er du sikh, Mary?	Are you a Sikh, Mary?
Er Mary en sikh?	Is Mary a Sikh?
Er sami en sikh?	Is Sami a Sikh?
Mary er ikke sikh.	Mary is not a Sikh.
Tom er ikke sikh, vel?	Tom is not a Sikh, is he?
Jeg taler Cebuano.	I speak Cebuano.
Jeg taler ikke cebuano.	I don't speak Cebuano.
Tom taler Cebuano.	Tom speaks Cebuano.
Mary taler Cebuano.	Mary speaks Cebuano.
Esperanto er det nemmeste sprog nogensinde!	Esperanto is the easiest language ever!
Jeg tror, ​​at Tom ikke forstod, hvad han skulle gøre.	I think Tom didn't understand what he was supposed to do.
Jeg vil gerne lære Cebuano.	I want to learn Cebuano.
Tom vil lære Cebuano.	Tom wants to learn Cebuano.
Mary vil lære Cebuano.	Mary wants to learn Cebuano.
Tom og John vil lære Cebuano.	Tom and John want to learn Cebuano.
Mary og hendes søstre vil gerne lære Cebuano.	Mary and her sisters want to learn Cebuano.
Mary og hendes søstre vil gerne lære berber.	Mary and her sisters want to learn Berber.
Mary og hendes søstre vil gerne lære esperanto.	Mary and her sisters want to learn Esperanto.
Jeg er træt af dit sludder.	I'm fed up with your nonsense.
Jeg tror, ​​at Tom ikke forstod, hvad han skulle gøre.	I think that Tom didn't understand what he was supposed to do.
Jeg skal snart giftes.	I'm going to get married soon.
Tak, doktor.	Thank you, Doctor.
Du er meget venlig.	You're very kind.
Det tog mig mere end tre timer at oversætte dette til fransk.	It took me more than three hours to translate this into French.
Det vil jeg begynde at gøre.	I'm going to start doing that.
Jeg er født i Boston, men jeg har boet i Chicago det meste af mit liv.	I was born in Boston, but I've lived in Chicago most of my life.
Gaven du gav mig er fantastisk.	The present that you gave me is great.
Tom pakkede alle sine ejendele i en lille kuffert og gik.	Tom packed all his belongings in a small suitcase and left.
På søndag bliver det solskin.	On Sunday, it'll be sunny.
Jeg var stadig single dengang.	I was still single back then.
Jeg er sikker på, at Tom ville være i stand til at hjælpe mig, hvis han var her.	I'm sure that Tom would be able to help me if he were here.
Jeg er gladest, når jeg læser.	I'm happiest when I'm reading.
Tom og Mary ønsker at opdrage deres børn i Australien.	Tom and Mary want to raise their children in Australia.
Jeg er gladest, når jeg synger.	I'm happiest when I'm singing.
Jeg er sikker på, at Tom ville være i stand til at hjælpe mig, hvis han var her.	I'm sure Tom would be able to help me if he were here.
Jeg er glad for, at jeg kan være behjælpelig.	I'm happy I can be of help.
Tom har forsøgt at finde ud af, hvem der dræbte hans kone.	Tom has been trying to find out who killed his wife.
Prøv ikke at fare vild denne gang.	Try not to get lost this time.
Vil du have noget andet?	Would you like something else?
Jeg gik ikke i bad i går.	I didn't take a bath yesterday.
Tom gik ind i sit soveværelse og smækkede døren.	Tom went into his bedroom and slammed the door.
Jeg ved ikke, hvad jeg skal købe.	I don't know what I should buy.
Tom har tabt sig meget siden sidste sommer.	Tom has lost a lot of weight since last summer.
Det gør jeg en af ​​dagene.	I'll do that one of these days.
Jeg taler ikke berbersk, men jeg forstår en god del af det.	I don't speak Berber but I understand a good amount of it.
Yanni taler ikke tysk, men han forstår en god del af det.	Yanni doesn't speak German but he understands a good amount of it.
Han bliver konstant chikaneret af en cyberstalker.	He's constantly harassed by a cyberstalker.
Han siger, at han konstant bliver chikaneret af en cyberstalker.	He says he's constantly harassed by a cyberstalker.
Separatisternes leder er et stykke affald.	The leader of the separatists is a piece of trash.
Separatisternes leder er et lavt liv.	The leader of the separatists is a lowlife.
Hvilken klasse går din søn i?	What class is your son in?
Hvilken klasse går din søn i?	What grade is your son in?
Min nevø går i sjette klasse.	My nephew is in the sixth grade.
Snart vil jeg være i stand til at tale fransk.	Soon I will be able to speak French.
Jeg tænker altid på mad.	I'm always thinking about food.
Han sluttede sig til et online separatistsamfund, der opererede i hans område.	He joined an online separatist community that operated in his area.
Mit navn er Yanni og jeg er en 24 år gammel mand fra Algeriet.	My name is Yanni and I'm a 24 year old man from Algeria.
Separatisterne er sindssygt paranoide.	The separatists are insanely paranoid.
Tom slukkede ilden med en ildslukker.	Tom put the fire out with a fire extinguisher.
Separatisterne opfører sig som paranoide psykoser.	The separatists act like paranoid psychos.
Ingen forstår separatistiske nyheder.	No one understands separatist newspeak.
Separatisterne har deres egen opfattelse af verden.	The separatists have their own conception of the world.
Separatisterne har deres egen terminologi til at beskrive verden.	The separatists have their own terminology to describe the world.
Separatisterne opfører sig som gale hunde.	The separatists act like mad dogs.
Separatisterne betragter alle som deres fjende.	The separatists consider everyone as their enemy.
Separatisterne er bare en flok skøre mennesker.	The separatists are just a bunch of crazy people.
Jeg er glad for, at du er min ven.	I'm glad that you're my friend.
Tom tog aldrig ansvar for sine handlinger.	Tom never took responsibility for his actions.
Min religion, islam, er en fantastisk religion.	My religion, Islam, is an amazing religion.
Yanni og Skura klikkede med det samme.	Yanni and Skura clicked right away.
Som en idiot gik han med til at slutte sig til separatistgruppen.	Like an idiot, he agreed to join the separatist group.
Jeg går en kort tur.	I'm going to take a short walk.
Jeg var i et dilemma.	I was in a quandary.
Kejseren har lovet at knuse separatisterne én gang for alle.	The emperor has promised to crush the separatists once and for all.
Tom opkaldte sin tredje søn efter sin bedstefar.	Tom named his third son after his grandfather.
Jeg bor i en landlig del af Algeriet.	I live in a rural part of Algeria.
Vi mødtes alle i Algier.	We all met in Algiers.
Vejen fører op til en kæmpe moské omgivet af træer.	The road leads up to a huge mosque surrounded by trees.
Moskeen har en parkeringsplads.	The mosque has a parking lot.
Moskeen var bag os.	The mosque was behind us.
Vores algeriske værdier er limen, der holder os alle sammen.	Our Algerian values are the glue holding us all together.
Jeg er gladest, når jeg er sammen med dig.	I'm happiest when I'm with you.
Algier er en halv time væk.	Algiers is half an hour away.
Skura bar sin nye kabylekjole og var så glad.	Skura wore her new Kabyle dress and was so happy.
Hvis jeg ikke kan få Skura, kan ingen.	If I can't have Skura, no one can.
Hvis jeg ikke kan få dig, kan ingen.	If I can't have you, no one can.
Yanni hørte skuddene, der endte Skuras liv.	Yanni heard the gunshots that ended Skura's life.
Yannis hus blev sat til salg.	Yanni's house was put up for sale.
Yanni blev fundet død i det hus.	Yanni was found dead in that house.
Han havde taget sit eget liv.	He had taken his own life.
Yanni bukkede under for fristelsen.	Yanni succumbed to the temptation.
Denne del af parken tiltrækker mange misbrugere.	This part of the park attracts a lot of addicts.
Du ville blive en god kone.	You'd make a good wife.
"Du ville blive en god kone."	"You'd make a good wife."
"Tak, men jeg er gift."	"Thank you, but I'm married."
Yanni talte med en tyk kabylsk accent.	Yanni spoke with a thick Kabyle accent.
"Yanni talte et andet sprog til sin søn."	"Yanni was speaking another language to his son."
"Ja.	"Yes.
Det var berber."	It was Berber."
En kvinde i kabylsk kjole kom her og ledte efter dig.	A woman in a Kabyle dress came here looking for you.
Tom løj for sine forældre om, hvor han havde været.	Tom lied to his parents about where he'd been.
Skura købte en kabylsk kjole.	Skura purchased a Kabyle dress.
Yanni bor på det sikreste sted i Algier, nogen overhovedet kunne bo.	Yanni lives in the safest place in Algiers anyone could possibly live.
Yanni arbejder her i Algeriet.	Yanni works here in Algeria.
Yannis fætre er fra Algeriet.	Yanni's cousins are from Algeria.
Yanni talte Berber virkelig hurtigt.	Yanni was speaking Berber really fast.
Hold dine fjender tættere på.	Keep your enemies closer.
Du skal holde øje med dem.	You need to keep an eye on them.
Hold øje med dine fjender.	Keep an eye on your enemies.
Jeg talte med ham på berbisk, og han så på mig, som om jeg talte volapyk.	I spoke to him in Berber and he looked at me as if I were talking gibberish.
Har du nogensinde undertekstet en film?	Have you ever subtitled a movie?
Yanni voksede op i en lille by i det landlige Algeriet.	Yanni grew up in a small town in rural Algeria.
Yanni boede i en lille by i det landlige Algeriet.	Yanni lived in a small town in rural Algeria.
Algier er meget travlt og larmende hele dagen.	Algiers is very busy and noisy all day.
Tom er den eneste, der ikke har et alibi.	Tom is the only one who doesn't have an alibi.
Det har jeg ikke råd til at gøre igen.	I can't afford to do that again.
Yannis hus ligger i et indianerreservat.	Yanni's house is on an Indian reservation.
Yanni er First Nation.	Yanni is First Nation.
Skura er en algerisk kvinde, og hun er i øjeblikket 24 år gammel.	Skura is an Algerian female and she's currently 24 years old.
Skura ser super attraktiv ud i sin kabylske kjole.	Skura looks super attractive in her Kabyle dress.
Tom er tilbage i Boston og arbejder for sin far.	Tom is back in Boston, working for his father.
Med en tyk kabylsk accent fortalte han mig, at han var fortabt.	In a thick Kabyle accent, he told me that he was lost.
Yanni fortalte mig, hvordan han blev født og opvokset i Algeriet.	Yanni told me how he was born and raised in Algeria.
Jeg er næsten lige så høj som min far.	I'm almost as tall as my father.
Yanni var meget ked af, at Skura blokerede ham på Snapchat.	Yanni was very upset that Skura blocked him on Snapchat.
Yanni krævede, at Skura blokerede Ziri på Snapchat.	Yanni demanded that Skura block Ziri on Snapchat.
Tom er næsten altid på sit kontor om mandagen.	Tom is almost always in his office on Mondays.
Yanni hyggede sig, mens han talte i telefonen med Skura.	Yanni was pleasuring himself while on the phone with Skura.
Jeg er klar over, at det sker.	I'm aware that that's happening.
Tom er ikke en rigtig læge.	Tom isn't a real doctor.
Skura brugte mange penge på kabylske kjoler.	Skura spent a lot of money on Kabyle dresses.
Skura brugte mange penge på algerisk traditionel beklædning.	Skura spent a lot of money on Algerian traditional clothing.
Yanni bar hovedtelefoner hele tiden.	Yanni wore headphones all the time.
Tom forstod straks, hvad der skete.	Tom immediately understood what was happening.
Jeg går i samme retning.	I'm going in the same direction.
Yanni lagde sine øretelefoner tilbage og ignorerede Skura.	Yanni put his earbuds back and ignored Skura.
Yanni var ung og ufatteligt dum.	Yanni was young and unfathomably stupid.
Yanni gik væk fra Skura.	Yanni inched away from Skura.
Yanni havde et problem med ikke at kunne holde sine hænder for sig selv i Skuras nærvær.	Yanni had a problem of not being able to keep his hands to himself in Skura's presence.
Yanni fandt ud af, at Skura boede i Algier.	Yanni found out that Skura lived in Algiers.
Tom er blevet anklaget for første grads mord.	Tom has been charged with first degree murder.
Yanni opførte sig, som om alt var normalt.	Yanni was acting like everything was normal.
Jeg skal til begravelse i morgen.	I'm going to a funeral tomorrow.
Yanni bor i en lille by i det sydlige Algeriet.	Yanni lives in a small town in the south of Algeria.
Yanni bor i en lille by i det landlige Algeriet.	Yanni lives in a small town in rural Algeria.
Tom steg ud af sin bil og løb ind i sit hus.	Tom got out of his car and ran into his house.
Tom forfalskede sit CV.	Tom falsified his resume.
Tom forfalskede sit CV.	Tom falsified his CV.
Tom er ikke punk.	Tom isn't punk.
Vejen indsnævredes drastisk.	The road narrowed drastically.
Vejen ryddede af.	The road cleared off.
Betjeningen var plettet i området.	Service was spotty in the area.
Jeg er glad for, at du er kommet dig.	I'm happy that you've recovered.
Tom bor i et badekar på gaden i Athen.	Tom lives in a bathtub on the streets of Athens.
Du tænker på Toms søster.	You're thinking of Tom's sister.
Er du sikker på, at det var Tom og ikke Yanni?	Are you sure it was Tom and not Yanni?
Tom faldt på knæ og begyndte at bede.	Tom got down on his knees and started to pray.
Et spøgelse hjemsøger Tatoeba – Toms spøgelse.	A specter is haunting Tatoeba— the specter of Tom.
Yannis hund var unormalt stor for sin race.	Yanni's dog was abnormally large for his breed.
Jeg er næsten færdig med det her.	I've almost finished doing this.
Tom kan ikke rigtig lide at se sport på tv.	Tom doesn't really like watching sports on TV.
Yanni legede på sin bærbare computer for at slappe af.	Yanni played on his laptop to unwind.
Jeg har allerede skiftet tøj.	I've already changed my clothes.
Er du sikker på, at det var Tom og ikke Mary, der gjorde det?	Are you sure it was Tom and not Mary who did that?
Er du sikker på, at det var Tom og ikke Mary, der gjorde det?	Are you sure that it was Tom and not Mary who did that?
Tom opdagede, at hans penge var blevet stjålet.	Tom discovered that his money had been stolen.
Jeg har besluttet at blive forfatter.	I've decided to become a writer.
Tom blev anklaget for første grads mord.	Tom was charged with first degree murder.
Jeg er en tretten-årig pige.	I'm a thirteen-year-old girl.
Tom dukkede ikke op på arbejde mandag morgen.	Tom didn't show up for work on Monday morning.
Må jeg få en tår af din kaffe?	May I have a sip of your coffee?
Mit mål er at lære esperanto.	My goal is to learn Esperanto.
Tom og hans bror vil lære esperanto.	Tom and his brother want to learn Esperanto.
Tom og John kæmpede på parkeringspladsen.	Tom and John were fighting in the parking lot.
Mary og hendes søster vil gerne lære esperanto.	Mary and her sister want to learn Esperanto.
Floyds død har forårsaget international forargelse og dage med protester over hele nationen.	Floyd’s death has caused international outrage and days of protests across the nation.
Du kan lære esperanto på kort tid.	You can learn Esperanto in a short time.
Jeg vil have, hvad Mary har.	I'll have what Mary's having.
Jeg vil have, hvad Tom har.	I'll have what Tom's having.
Hvorfor vil du lære esperanto, Tom?	Why do you want to learn Esperanto, Tom?
Esperanto er et nemt sprog, er det ikke?	Esperanto is an easy language, isn't it?
Har du nogensinde oversat en film?	Have you ever translated a movie?
Esperanto er ikke et svært sprog, vel?	Esperanto is not a difficult language, is it?
Tom ville være i stand til at hjælpe mig, hvis han var her.	Tom would be able to help me if he were here.
Lamestream-medierne spreder falsk og vildledende information.	The lamestream media is spreading false and misleading information.
Fake news er folkets fjende.	Fake news is the enemy of the people.
Den søvnige Joe lader som om han har svarene, men han kender ikke engang spørgsmålene.	The sleepy Joe pretends to have the answers, but he doesn't even know the questions.
Jeg ved ikke, hvad jeg skal gøre med dig.	I don't know what to do with you.
Louis satsede $100 på sort.	Louis bet $100 on black.
Julia satsede $100 på ulige.	Julia bet $100 on odd.
Hvad er dit yndlingsvæddemål i roulette?	What is your favorite bet in roulette?
Brian slog to blackjacks i træk.	Brian hit two blackjacks in a row.
Scarlett har en vindende hånd.	Scarlett has a winning hand.
Roy har et fantastisk pokeransigt.	Roy has a great poker face.
Disse sakse er kedelige.	These scissors are dull.
Du kan ikke engang klippe papir med den saks.	You can't even cut paper with those scissors.
Tom var nok den sidste, der faldt i søvn.	Tom was probably the last one to fall asleep.
Jeg er også arbejdsløs.	I, too, am unemployed.
Jeg er bange for, at jeg kan komme til skade.	I'm afraid that I might get hurt.
Jeg er glad for, at du er kommet dig.	I'm glad that you've recovered.
Tom fortalte mig, at han ikke ville være der.	Tom told me that he wasn't going to be there.
Tom vil læse teologi.	Tom wants to study theology.
Tom læser teologi.	Tom studies theology.
Tom studerede teologi.	Tom studied theology.
Jeg skal først i bad.	I'm going to take a shower first.
Tom flyttede til Australien for at starte på en frisk.	Tom moved to Australia to make a fresh start.
Jeg vil fortælle dig, hvad du skal gøre.	I'm going to tell you what to do.
Jeg ville bare lykønske dig, fordi jeg hører om det utrolige arbejde med narkotikaproblemet.	I just wanted to congratulate you because I am hearing of the unbelievable job on the drug problem.
Tom kommer fra en velhavende og indflydelsesrig familie.	Tom is from a wealthy and influential family.
Din idiot	You moron
jeg samlede	I gathered
Reducer det	Reduce it
Sæt farten ned	Slow it down
Jeg er ikke medlem af udvalget.	I'm not a member of the comittee.
Tom forstod straks, hvad der foregik.	Tom immediately understood what was going on.
Det har jeg faktisk besluttet at gøre.	I've actually decided to do that.
Andy Ngo er en trussel mod vores samfund og leverer drabslister til den voldelige neonazistiske terrorgruppe Atomwaffen.	Andy Ngo is a threat to our community and provides kill lists to the violent Neo-Nazi terrorist group Atomwaffen.
Tom har talt med mig mange gange om det.	Tom has spoken with me many times about that.
Jeg har allerede startet min ferie.	I've already started my vacation.
Se ikke den propaganda.	Don't watch that propaganda.
Tegnsætning er vigtig.	Punctuation is important.
Læs ikke den propaganda.	Don't read that propaganda.
Tom blev fyret, fordi han ofte lavede fejl.	Tom got fired because he often made mistakes.
Trumps statsadvokat beordrede tåregas af fredelige demonstranter, så Trump kunne krydse gaden og lave en fotooptagelse med en bibel.	Trump's attorney general ordered the tear-gassing of peaceful protesters so Trump could cross the street and do a photo-op holding a Bible.
At bruge tåregas mod udenlandske kombattanter er en krigsforbrydelse.	Using tear gas against foreign combatants is a war crime.
William Barr, kendt som "Tildækningskongen", selv før hans undertrykkelse af Mueller-rapporten, har en lang historie med at hjælpe republikanske præsidenter med at slippe af sted med lyssky og ulovlig handel.	William Barr, widely known as the "Cover-up King" even before his suppression of the Mueller Report, has a long history of helping Republican presidents get away with shady and illegal dealings.
Jeg er blevet advaret om ikke at tage dertil.	I've been warned not to go there.
Barr var tidligere involveret i George H.W. Bushs benådning af embedsmænd involveret i Iran-Contra-sagen, da Reagan-administrationen solgte våben til Iran for at finansiere kokainsmuglende fascister i Nicaragua.	Barr was previously involved in George H.W. Bush's pardoning of officials involved in the Iran-Contra affair, when the Reagan Administration sold arms to Iran in order to fund cocaine-smuggling fascists in Nicaragua.
Tom og John sloges på legepladsen.	Tom and John were fighting on the playground.
Jeg har set alle disse film.	I've watched all of these movies.
Lad os sørge for, at ingen kommer til skade.	Let's make sure no one gets hurt.
Tom fortalte mig, at han ikke var sikker på, hvad han skulle gøre.	Tom told me that he wasn't sure what to do.
Jeg kan ikke lide at sidde på gulvet.	I don't like sitting on the floor.
Tom og Mary sagde godnat til hinanden.	Tom and Mary said goodnight to each other.
Jeg lader dig bestemme, hvad vi vil gøre.	I'll let you decide what we'll do.
Tom klager altid over Marys madlavning.	Tom always complains about Mary's cooking.
Mary klager altid over Toms madlavning.	Mary always complains about Tom's cooking.
Yanni klager altid over Toms madlavning.	Yanni always complains about Tom's cooking.
Skura klager altid over Marys madlavning.	Skura always complains about Mary's cooking.
Jeg er træt af alt dit sludder.	I'm fed up with all your nonsense.
Tom fortalte mig, at han ikke ville være der.	Tom told me he wasn't going to be there.
Jeg kommer til at lære meget af dig.	I'm going to learn a lot from you.
Du må hellere bøje dig for det umulige.	You had better bow to the impossible.
Barnet er en kær.	The child is a dear.
Tom bliver ved for at hjælpe os.	Tom is going to stick around to help us.
Jeg er så søvnig.	I am that sleepy.
Jeg er så søvnig.	I'm that sleepy.
De levende er mere værd end de døde.	The living are more valuable than the dead.
Hun vil have lidt hvile.	She wants some rest.
Jeg vil bruge det, du giver mig.	I'm going to use what you give me.
Han kom her for at se dig.	He came here to see you.
Han blev ikke her længe.	He did not stay here for long.
Han blev her ikke længe.	He didn't stay here long.
Han er først lige kommet tilbage fra udlandet.	He's only just back from abroad.
Han gik derfra klokken to.	He left there at two o'clock.
Bevægelse kræver et her og et der.	Motion requires a here and a there.
Tudorernes regering var den direkte modsætning til Augustus' regering.	The government of the Tudors was the direct opposite to the government of Augustus.
Jeg ser frem til i morgen.	I look forward to tomorrow.
Søndag eftermiddag var fint.	Sunday afternoon was fine.
Jeg tilbragte søndag eftermiddag hjemme.	I spent Sunday afternoon at home.
Vi mødte den venlige gamle ærkebiskop af York.	We met the kind old Archbishop of York.
Det havde taget ham lige siden at vænne sig til tanken.	It had taken him ever since to get used to the idea.
Du har til ti i aften.	You have till ten tonight.
Fra barndom til manddom er en ret kedelig periode.	From infancy to manhood is rather a tedious period.
Jeg er på vej i skole lige nu.	I'm on my way to school right now.
Han sov hele søndag eftermiddag.	He slept all Sunday afternoon.
Han tog til alle de vigtigste byer i Europa.	He went to all the principal cities of Europe.
Han bor ved siden af ​​kaptajn Strong.	He lives next door to Captain Strong.
Kanalen løb mod nord og syd.	The canal ran north and south.
Han plejede at grine en hel del.	He used to laugh a good deal.
Han vil have tingene på sin egen måde.	He wants things his own way.
Tingene skal gå man-of-war mode.	Things shall go man-of-war fashion.
Han løb ovenpå tre trin ad gangen.	He ran upstairs three steps at a time.
Jeg er enig i det meste af det du sagde.	I agree with most of what you said.
Tom fortalte ikke Mary, hvad der var sket.	Tom didn't tell Mary what had happened.
Vi kan kun realisere vores drømme, hvis vi beslutter os for at vågne op fra dem.	We can only realize our dreams if we decide to wake up from them.
Jeg ved ikke, hvad jeg skal gøre med disse.	I don't know what to do with these.
Tom fortalte mig, at han ikke var sikker på, hvad han skulle gøre.	Tom told me he wasn't sure what to do.
Det var Toms bil, ikke min, der brød sammen i forgårs.	It was Tom's car, not mine, that broke down the day before yesterday.
Det vil koste dig tre hundrede dollars at flyve til den ø.	It'll cost you three hundred dollars to fly to that island.
Jeg læste denne bog for flere år siden.	I read this book several years ago.
Jeg sprang morgenmaden over, så jeg er sulten.	I skipped breakfast, so I'm hungry.
Gad vide, hvad læreren vil sige.	I wonder what the teacher will say.
Vi skulle være blevet og hjulpet Tom.	We should've stayed and helped Tom.
Jeg ringer for at bestille tid.	I'm calling to make an appointment.
Min tro på Tom har aldrig givet afkald på.	My faith in Tom has never waivered.
De lukkede mig ikke ind, da jeg havde afslørende shorts på.	They didn't let me in, as I had revealing shorts on.
Jeg måtte ikke komme ind i afslørende shorts.	I was not allowed to enter in revealing shorts.
Jeg går ind på mit værelse for at tage en lur.	I'm going to my room to take a nap.
Jeg er glad for, at jeg kan være behjælpelig.	I'm happy that I can be of help.
Jeg er imponeret over dine præstationer.	I'm impressed by your achievements.
En edderkop er ikke et insekt.	A spider isn't an insect.
Det er jeg heller ikke interesseret i.	I'm not interested in that, either.
De lukkede mig ikke ind, da mine shorts blev betragtet som uanstændige.	They didn't let me in, as my shorts were considered indecent.
Da mine shorts blev betragtet som uanstændige, blev jeg nægtet adgang.	As my shorts were considered indecent, I was denied entry.
Vi skal navngive hunden Cookie.	We're going to name the dog Cookie.
Vi laver ofte aftensmad sammen.	We often make dinner together.
Tom ventede på os udenfor.	Tom was waiting for us outside.
Hvorfor er edderkopper ikke insekter?	Why aren't spiders insects?
Vær sikker på, at du ved, hvad du skal gøre.	Be sure that you do know what to do.
Jeg vil anbefale at gøre det med det samme.	I'd recommend doing that right away.
Jeg er utilfreds med disse resultater.	I'm dissatisfied with these results.
Sæt dig ikke bag et ratt efter at have drukket.	Don't get behind a wheel after drinking.
Yanni blev ved med at ringe til Skura hele tiden, vi var der.	Yanni kept calling Skura the entire time that we were there.
Jeg blev interviewet.	I got interviewed.
Poker er et af Toms foretrukne kortspil.	Poker is one of Tom's favorite card games.
Jeg anser stadig Tom for at være min bedste ven.	I still consider Tom to be my best friend.
Yanni brækker sig stadig.	Yanni is still puking.
Yanni greb Skura i albuen.	Yanni grabbed Skura by the elbow.
Yanni undskyldte for at have brækket sig offentligt.	Yanni apologized for puking in public.
Separatistens leder er en komplet idiot.	The leader of the separatist is a complete moron.
Jeg gik ind i skabet.	I went into the closet.
Jeg tror, ​​at jeg ikke er god nok til Tom.	I think that I'm not good enough for Tom.
Jeg gik op på loftet.	I went up to the attic.
Hun har en hemmelighed.	She has a secret.
Tom og jeg bor ikke sammen længere.	Tom and I don't live together anymore.
Jeg gik tilbage ind i rummet.	I went back into the room.
Jeg tror, ​​at Tom er en helt for det, han gjorde.	I think Tom is a hero for what he did.
Jeg er glad for, at du er kommet dig.	I'm glad you've recovered.
Yanni fandt et ubrugt kondom i skuffen.	Yanni found an unused condom in the drawer.
Jeg fandt hurtigt ud af, at Tom var meget farlig.	I soon learned Tom was very dangerous.
Yanni bor et sted, hvor man kan se køer overalt.	Yanni lives in a place where you can see cows everywhere.
Jeg vil tale med dig mand til mand.	I want to talk to you man to man.
Man ser aldrig folk her om natten, endsige unge kvinder, der går alene.	You never see people at night here, let alone young women walking alone.
Jeg røvede en dagligvarebutik med Tom.	I robbed a convenience store with Tom.
Hvem lærte dig at spille poker?	Who taught you how to play poker?
Jeg vidste, at Tom kunne vende tilbage når som helst.	I knew Tom could return at any moment.
Jeg fik problemer med læreren.	I got in trouble with the teacher.
Poker er et af Toms yndlingsspil.	Poker is one of Tom's favorite games.
Jeg vil ikke have, at du dater min søster.	I don't want you to date my sister.
Jeg mødte Tom, mens vi begge sad i fængsel.	I met Tom while we were both in jail.
Jeg vil skrive om, hvad jeg gjorde.	I'm going to write about what I did.
Jeg vidste ikke, at Tom var en eks-fusk.	I didn't know that Tom was an ex-con.
Taler du singalesisk, Tom?	Do you speak Sinhala, Tom?
Jeg taler singalesisk.	I speak Sinhala.
Jeg vil gerne lære singalesisk.	I want to learn Sinhala.
Jeg vil skrive om det, jeg så.	I'm going to write about what I saw.
Jeg forsøgte desperat at berolige Tom.	I desperately tried to calm Tom down.
Jeg varmer rester op til frokost.	I'm heating up left-overs for lunch.
Tom og jeg tog os sammen og hang ud.	Tom and I got together and hung out.
Jeg gider ikke bruge penge på bøger.	I don't mind spending money on books.
Jeg bor i Sri Lanka.	I live in Sri Lanka.
Min bror bor i Sri Lanka.	My brother lives in Sri Lanka.
De bor i Sri Lanka.	They live in Sri Lanka.
Mary og hendes mor bor i Sri Lanka.	Mary and her mother live in Sri Lanka.
Vores bror bor i Sri Lanka.	Our brother lives in Sri Lanka.
Vores bror bor i Algeriet.	Our brother lives in Algeria.
Jeg arbejder i Algeriet.	I work in Algeria.
Jeg arbejder i Egypten.	I work in Egypt.
Jeg plejede at arbejde med en fyr ved navn Tom.	I used to work with a guy named Tom.
Jeg er bange for, at det regner i eftermiddag.	I'm afraid it'll rain this afternoon.
Jeg tror, ​​jeg ikke er god nok til Tom.	I think I'm not good enough for Tom.
Jeg er bange for, at vi går den forkerte vej.	I'm afraid we're going the wrong way.
Jeg er ligeglad med, om Tom ikke kan lide mig.	I don't care if Tom doesn't like me.
Jeg er klar over, at arbejdet bliver svært.	I'm aware the work will be difficult.
Tom er min datters tredje mand.	Tom is my daughter's third husband.
Jeg er ikke blevet fortalt sandheden.	I haven't been told the truth.
Jeg tager afsted engang i morgen.	I'm going to leave sometime tomorrow.
Jeg havde en meget mærkelig drøm.	I had a very weird dream.
Jo bedre din uddannelse er, jo større vil dine muligheder være.	The better your education is, the greater your opportunities will be.
Tom og jeg endte med at blive gift.	Tom and I ended up getting married.
Jo ældre jeg bliver, jo mere forstår jeg.	The older I get, the more I understand.
Det har jeg næsten ingen erfaring med.	I've almost no experience doing that.
Der er altid noget larm i dette hus.	There is always some noise in this house.
Tom og jeg dater den samme pige.	Tom and I are dating the same girl.
Må jeg ligge på sofaen?	Can I lay on the sofa?
Mine børn er ikke bange for naboernes hund	My children have no fear of the neighbours' dog
Der er en gågade omkring katedralen.	There is a pedestrian zone around the cathedral.
Jeg kan bedre lide esperanto end tysk.	I like Esperanto better than German.
Jeg har allerede gjort dette flere gange.	I've already done this several times.
Jeg fortalte Tom, hvordan jeg planlagde at flygte.	I told Tom how I planned to escape.
Jeg har allerede ventet i en halv time.	I've already waited for half an hour.
Jeg troede, at Tom og jer var venner.	I thought Tom and you were buddies.
Vent venligst ved indgangen.	Please wait at the entrance.
Jeg har fået at vide, at jeg ser godt ud.	I've been told that I'm good-looking.
Tom besøger mig hver anden weekend.	Tom visits me every other weekend.
Jeg er blevet advaret mod at tage dertil.	I've been warned against going there.
Vi har hele dagen til at gøre det færdigt.	We have all day to finish doing that.
Tom og jeg har været venner for evigt.	Tom and I've been friends forever.
Du kan godt lide at tage dig tid, gør du ikke?	You like taking your time, don't you?
Tom og jeg bor ikke længere sammen.	Tom and I no longer live together.
Er du ikke bange for, at du kommer for sent?	Aren't you afraid that you'll be late?
Tom og jeg er bedste venner igen.	Tom and I are best friends again.
Jeg spiste ikke morgenmad, så jeg er sulten.	I didn't eat breakfast, so I'm hungry.
Jeg arbejdede sammen med Tom i mange år.	I worked with Tom for many years.
Jeg var glad for, hvordan mødet gik.	I was happy with how the meeting went.
Vi parkerede meget langt herfra.	We parked very far from here.
Jeg sagde til Tom, at han ikke skulle date min søster.	I told Tom not to date my sister.
Jeg begynder at få styr på det her.	I'm beginning to get the hang of this.
Jeg kaldte min imaginære ven Tom.	I called my imaginary friend Tom.
Jeg skal ud og købe noget at spise.	I'm going out to buy something to eat.
Jeg bad Tom om at bære min kuffert.	I asked Tom to carry my suitcase.
Jeg har vedhæftet en PDF-fil med mit CV.	I've attached a PDF file of my resume.
Jeg har aldrig set Tom udføre noget arbejde.	I've never seen Tom do any work.
Jeg har vænnet mig til den slags arbejde.	I've gotten used to this kind of work.
En gammel mand sidder på en bænk i parken.	An old man is sitting on a bench in the park.
Jeg besøger Tom hver anden weekend.	I visit Tom every other weekend.
Lad os sørge for, at ingen kommer til skade.	Let's make sure that nobody gets hurt.
Jeg vidste ikke, at Tom var en eks-fusk.	I didn't know Tom was an ex-con.
Vi har allerede gjort så mange ofre.	We've already made so many sacrifices.
Politiet skød og dræbte Tom.	The police shot and killed Tom.
Det havde jeg meget svært ved at tro på.	I found that very difficult to believe.
Jeg sagde til min datter ikke at tale med drenge.	I told my daughter not to talk to boys.
Jeg lod Tom gøre, hvad han ville.	I let Tom do what he wanted to do.
Jeg vil gerne takke alle, der hjalp.	I'd like to thank everybody who helped.
Tom og jeg arbejdede side om side.	Tom and I worked side by side.
En fodboldbane hvert 6. sekund.	A soccer field every 6 seconds.
Det er den hastighed, hvormed verden mistede modne tropiske skove sidste år.	That's the rate at which the world lost mature tropical forests last year.
En fodboldbane hvert 6. sekund.	A soccer field every 6 seconds.
Det er den hastighed, hvormed verden mistede modne tropiske skove sidste år, ifølge nye data fra Global Forest Watch-overvågningsprogrammet.	That's the rate at which the world lost mature tropical forests last year, according to new data from the Global Forest Watch monitoring program.
Mens Brasiliens skovtab er steget, ser politikker til at bremse skovrydning ud til at virke i Indonesien, Colombia og Vestafrika.	While Brazil's forest losses have increased, policies to curb deforestation appear to be working in Indonesia, Colombia and West Africa.
Ødelæggelsen af ​​modne tropiske skove er et massivt hit for biodiversiteten og er ansvarlig for omkring 8 % af de globale kuldioxidemissioner.	The destruction of mature tropical forests is a massive hit to biodiversity and is responsible for about 8% of global carbon dioxide emissions.
Skove er massive svampe af kuldioxid.	Forests are massive sponges of carbon dioxide.
FN har sat sig et mål om at standse skovrydning inden 2020.	The United Nations set a goal of ending deforestation by 2020.
FN har sat sig et mål om at stoppe skovrydningen inden 2020, men vi ser ud til at gå i den forkerte retning.	The United Nations set a goal of ending deforestation by 2020, but we seem to be going in the wrong direction.
Brasilien mistede 1,4 millioner hektar moden skov i 2019, mere end en tredjedel af verdens samlede og næsten tre gange mere end landet med det næststørste tab, Den Demokratiske Republik Congo.	Brazil lost 1.4 million hectares of mature forest in 2019, more than one-third of the world total and nearly three times more than the country with the next-largest loss, the Democratic Republic of Congo.
Bevaringspolitikker under tidligere præsident Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva dæmpede skovrydningsraterne fra 2004 til 2015.	Conservation policies under former President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva curbed deforestation rates from 2004 to 2015.
Præsident Bolsonaro har tilskyndet til udvikling i Amazonas regnskoven og løsnet håndhævelsen af ​​miljølovgivningen.	President Bolsonaro has encouraged development in the Amazon rainforest and loosened enforcement of environmental laws.
Præsident Bolsonaros administration støtter en lov, der vil øge adgangen til beskyttede oprindelige landområder til minedrift.	President Bolsonaro's administration is backing a law that would increase access to protected indigenous lands for mining.
Præsident Bolsonaros administration støtter lovgivning, som miljøgrupper siger vil legalisere jordfangst.	President Bolsonaro's administration supports legislation that environmental groups say would legalize land grabs.
Tabet af modne skove i Indonesien faldt i 2019 for tredje år i træk.	The loss of mature forests in Indonesia declined in 2019 for the third straight year.
Indonesien har gjort permanent et moratorium i 2011 for skovhugst og jordrydning for oliepalmeplantager, som havde været en væsentlig drivkraft bag skovrydning.	Indonesia has made permanent a 2011 moratorium on logging and land-clearing for oil palm plantations, which had been a major driver of deforestation.
Den indonesiske regering har optrappet brandforebyggelse og håndhævelse af eksisterende skovlove.	The Indonesian government has stepped up fire prevention and enforcement of existing forest laws.
Colombia har sat sig mål for skovrydning og genplantning og har sendt politi og militær for at bekæmpe skovrydning i sine nationalparker.	Colombia has set deforestation and reforestation goals and has sent the police and military to fight deforestation in its national parks.
Chokoladeindustrien har lovet at reducere skovrydning til kakaodyrkning, en stor afgrøde i Vestafrika.	The chocolate industry has pledged to reduce deforestation for cocoa cultivation, a major crop in West Africa.
Jeg skal til en begravelse i morgen.	I'm going to attend a funeral tomorrow.
I modsætning til sine europæiske naboer og meget af resten af ​​verden stolede Sverige på sine borgeres følelse af borgerpligt.	Unlike its European neighbors and much of the rest of the world, Sweden relied on its citizens' sense of civic duty.
Myndighederne rådede folk til at praktisere social distancering, men skoler, barer og restauranter har været holdt åbne hele tiden.	Authorities advised people to practice social distancing, but schools, bars and restaurants have been kept open the entire time.
Kun forsamlinger på mere end 50 personer er blevet forbudt.	Only gatherings of more than 50 people have been banned.
Ifølge det nationale sundhedsagentur har Sverige set 4.542 dødsfald forbundet med COVID-19, langt flere end de nordiske nabolande og en af ​​verdens højeste dødsrater pr. indbygger.	According to the national health agency, Sweden has seen 4,542 deaths linked to COVID-19, far more than its neighboring Nordic countries and one of the world’s highest per capita death rates.
Hvordan lyder hendes stemme?	What does her voice sound like?
Tom og jeg er stadig værelseskammerater.	Tom and I are still roommates.
Jeg bliver der endnu et par dage.	I'm going to stay for another few days.
Det har jeg gjort meget med Tom.	I've done that with Tom a lot.
Jeg er sulten, fordi jeg sprang morgenmaden over.	I'm hungry because I skipped breakfast.
Jeg tilbragte tid med Tom i fængslet.	I spent time with Tom in jail.
Det havde jeg svært ved at tro.	I found that difficult to believe.
Jeg har hørt din stemme et sted før.	I've heard your voice somewhere before.
Jeg smed Tom ud af mit kontor.	I kicked Tom out of my office.
Jeg ved ikke, hvad jeg skal gøre med det her.	I don't know what I should do with this.
Jeg sparkede ham ned ad trappen.	I kicked him down the stairs.
Jeg sparkede Tom ned ad en trappe.	I kicked Tom down a flight of stairs.
Jeg ved ikke, hvad jeg skal gøre med det her.	I don't know what to do with this stuff.
Mit juridiske navn er Tom Jackson.	My legal name is Tom Jackson.
Jeg har stadig meget arbejde jeg skal gøre.	I still have a lot of work I have to do.
Jeg ville ignorere Tom hvis jeg var dig.	I'd ignore Tom if I were you.
Jeg lod Tom gøre, hvad han ville.	I let Tom do what he wanted.
Jeg har stadig en masse arbejde jeg mangler at gøre.	I still have a lot of work I need to do.
Jeg lagde mærke til, at Tom var der.	I noticed that Tom was there.
Jeg er altid nervøs, før jeg går på scenen.	I'm always nervous before I go on stage.
Jeg var ikke glad for dette.	I was not happy about this.
Jeg har allerede talt med Tom om hans karakterer.	I've already talked to Tom about his grades.
Hvor er mine tamponer?	Where are my tampons?
Jeg lod Tom gøre mange ting.	I let Tom do a lot of things.
Din kam er smuk.	Your comb is beautiful.
Din kam er sød.	Your comb is cute.
Jeg vil bare sige, hvad jeg tænker på.	I'm just going to say what's on my mind.
Der er mange andre ting, vi kunne gøre.	There are many other things we could do.
Det gør Tom og jeg ikke længere.	Tom and I no longer do that.
Jeg ved ikke hvad jeg skal gøre med disse.	I don't know what I should do with these.
Mit rigtige navn er Tom Jackson.	My real name is Tom Jackson.
Jeg ved ikke, hvad jeg skal gøre med disse kasser.	I don't know what to do with these boxes.
Jeg ville være Toms ven.	I wanted to be Tom's friend.
Tom vaskede sin børste.	Tom washed his brush.
Maleren vaskede sin pensel.	The painter washed his brush.
Senator Tom Cotton anmodede om, at militæret blev brugt til summarisk at henrette demonstranter, der var rasende over den summariske henrettelse af sorte mænd.	Senator Tom Cotton requested the military be used to summarily execute protesters outraged at the summary execution of Black men.
Jeg tager gerne med dig i aften.	I'd be happy to go with you this evening.
Jeg så et smukt lyserødt murstenshus med pelargonier på vinduerne og duer på taget.	I saw a beautiful pink brick house with geraniums on the windows and doves on the roof.
Tom har et fantastisk pokeransigt.	Tom has a great poker face.
Jeg skal ud og shoppe.	I'm going shopping.
Har du brug for noget?	Do you need anything?
Tom og jeg begyndte at slås.	Tom and I started fighting.
Jeg vil besøge så mange zoologiske haver, som jeg kan.	I'm going to visit as many zoos as I can.
Jeg har udviklet romantiske følelser for dig.	I've developed romantic feelings for you.
Jeg tror, ​​at Tom er en helt.	I think that Tom is a hero.
Jeg kan ikke rigtig lide at se sport på tv.	I don't really like watching sports on TV.
Jeg modtog et opkald fra Tom.	I received a call from Tom.
Jeg vidste, at Tom kunne vende tilbage når som helst.	I knew that Tom could return at any moment.
Tom og jeg udforskede Boston.	Tom and I explored Boston.
Jeg er bange for, at situationen bliver værre.	I'm afraid the situation is getting worse.
Jeg betaler Tom for at gøre dette.	I'm paying Tom to do this.
Jeg vidste, at Tom kunne vende tilbage når som helst.	I knew that Tom might return at any moment.
Jeg vidste, at Tom kunne vende tilbage når som helst.	I knew Tom might return at any moment.
At tænke er svært.	Thinking is hard.
Han lover at komme.	He promises to come.
Jeg er bange for, at de begge har et dårligt ry.	I'm afraid they both have bad reputations.
At håbe er at nyde.	To hope is to enjoy.
Jeg er klar over, at arbejdet bliver svært.	I'm aware that the work will be difficult.
Jeg vil gerne være sammen med Tom.	I'd like to room with Tom.
Jeg dater min søsters kærestes søster.	I'm dating my sister's boyfriend's sister.
Jeg ville være sammen med Tom.	I wanted to room with Tom.
Jeg er glad for at se, at tingene gik OK.	I'm glad to see that things worked out OK.
Jeg vil spørge dem, hvor de skal hen.	I'm going to ask them where they're going.
Jeg forgudede Tom.	I adored Tom.
Vi gik fra hinanden i 2009, men har været nære venner lige siden.	We split up in 2009, but have been close friends ever since.
Denne billige vin er overraskende drikkelig.	This cheap wine is surprisingly drinkable.
Denne billige vin er overraskende drikkelig.	This inexpensive wine is surprisingly drinkable.
Havets bølger pisker mod klipperne på kysten.	The sea's waves are lashing against the rocks on the shore.
Spindelvævene glitrer i sølvduggen.	The cobwebs are glittering in the silver dew.
Opossum er et amerikansk dyr, der har et hoved som ræven og store øjne.	The opossum is an American animal, having a head like the fox, and large eyes.
Det er en fair pris.	That's a fair price.
Den pris er rimelig.	That price is reasonable.
Han var nu fattig som en kirkemus.	He was now as poor as a church mouse.
Han skulle ringe til hende, men fik så kolde fødder.	He was going to ring her, but then got cold feet.
Han skulle ringe til hende, men fik så kolde fødder.	He was going to phone her, but then got cold feet.
Han skulle ringe til hende, men fik så kolde fødder.	He was going to telephone her, but then got cold feet.
De indførte modforanstaltninger viste sig at være fuldstændig ineffektive.	The countermeasures introduced proved to be completely ineffective.
Hans opførsel gav hende en pause.	His behaviour gave her pause.
Hans opførsel gav hende en tænkepause.	His behaviour gave her pause for thought.
Hans opførsel fik hende til at tænke.	His behaviour made her think.
Han efterlod hende ikke med det bedste indtryk.	He didn't leave her with the best impression.
Havet var hårdt i går.	The sea was rough yesterday.
Hvor mange rummer sofaen?	How many does the sofa seat?
Tom bandede, da hans dyre smartphone faldt ned på toilettet.	Tom swore when his expensive smartphone fell into the toilet.
Marys hunds yndlingslegetøj er en gammel sok.	Mary's dog's favourite toy is an old sock.
Der mangler en lille tallerken.	A small plate is missing.
Kan du hjælpe lidt?	Could you help a bit?
Jeg dumpede Tom.	I dumped Tom.
Kører du altid den samme strækning?	Do you always drive the same stretch?
Kører du altid den samme rute?	Do you always drive the same route?
Går du altid den samme vej?	Do you always go the same route?
Kunne du komme hurtigst muligt?	Could you come as soon as possible?
Kunne du komme så hurtigt som muligt?	Could you come as quickly as possible?
Hvor ofte kører bussen?	How often does the bus run?
Hvem vil du se?	Who do you want to see?
Hvem vil du se?	Whom do you want to see?
Vil damen have mere kaffe?	Would the lady like some more coffee?
Det går nok, tak!	That'll do, thanks!
Det duer, ta!	That'll do, ta!
Det er nok, ta!	That's enough, ta!
Han er altid så beskeden.	He's always so modest.
Han er altid så beskeden.	He's always so unassuming.
Uldsokker er de bedste sokker i verden.	Woollen socks are the best socks in the world.
Denne film er virkelig et tidløst mesterværk.	This film really is a timeless masterpiece.
De ser ikke ud til at føle sig særligt hjemme her.	They don't seem to feel particularly at home here.
De ser ikke ud til at føle sig særligt hjemme her.	They don't seem to feel especially at home here.
Med sådan vedholdenhed kan du lære ethvert sprog.	With tenacity like that, you can learn any language.
Skaden helede hurtigere end forventet.	The injury healed quicker than expect.
Skaden helede hurtigere end forventet.	The injury healed faster than expect.
Skaden helede hurtigere end forventet.	The injury was healing faster than expect.
Hun svarede med tårer i øjnene.	She replied with tears in her eyes.
Hun svarede med tårer i øjnene.	She answered with tears in her eyes.
Jeg er glad for, at den medicin, som lægen ordinerede, virkelig virkede.	I'm happy that the medicine that the doctor prescribed really worked.
Et ungt par så solnedgangen fra anløbsbroen.	A young couple were watching the sunset from the jetty.
Et ungt par så solnedgangen fra molen.	A young couple were watching the sunset from the pier.
Et ungt par så solnedgangen fra havnemuren.	A young couple were watching the sunset from the harbour wall.
Man kunne mærke, at han var ret utålmodig.	You could tell he was fairly impatient.
Man kunne mærke, at han var ret utålmodig.	You could tell he was quite impatient.
De har ikke akklimatiseret sig endnu.	They haven't acclimatised themselves yet.
Du har ikke akklimatiseret dig endnu.	You haven't acclimatised yourself yet.
Det sneede hele ugen.	It was snowing all week.
Det sneede hele ugen.	It snowed all week.
Er der i øvrigt noget specielt din kone kunne tænke sig i gave?	By the way, is there anything in particular your wife might like as a present?
Jeg kæmpede mod Tom.	I fought Tom.
Marcus har nogle gange en tendens til at kede sine lyttere med trivialiteter.	Marcus tends sometimes to bore his listeners with trivia.
De har ingen fast bolig.	They have no fixed abode.
Du har ingen fast bolig.	You have no fixed abode.
Eleverne stillede spørgsmål efter hinanden.	The students asked questions one after the other.
Eleverne stillede spørgsmål efter hinanden.	The students were asking questions one after the other.
Tågen lettede, og alt var godt.	The fog lifted, and everything was fine.
Tågen lettede, og alt var godt.	The fog cleared, and all was well.
Han gemte sig under bordet.	He was hiding under the table.
Han kommer fra en afsidesliggende landsby i Nordsverige.	He comes from a remote village in Northern Sweden.
I eftermiddag var der varslet vedvarende regn.	Persistent rain was forecast for this afternoon.
I eftermiddag var der varslet vedvarende regn.	Continuous rain was forecast for this afternoon.
Jeg er glad for, at den medicin, som lægen ordinerede, virkelig virkede.	I'm happy the medicine that the doctor prescribed really worked.
Jeg røvede Tom.	I robbed Tom.
Jeg er glad for, at den medicin, lægen ordinerede, virkelig virkede.	I'm happy that the medicine the doctor prescribed really worked.
Jeg slog Tom.	I struck Tom.
Jeg skal på arbejde i haven i morgen, hvis det ikke regner.	I'm going to work in the garden tomorrow if it isn't raining.
Jeg vil sagsøge Tom.	I'll sue Tom.
Er du nogensinde blevet sagsøgt?	Have you ever been sued?
Jeg er glad for, at den medicin, lægen ordinerede, virkelig virkede.	I'm happy the medicine the doctor prescribed really worked.
Jeg adopterede Tom.	I adopted Tom.
Jeg skal til at stege et æg til mig selv.	I'm going to fry an egg for myself.
Jeg kan også stege dig en.	I can fry you one, too.
Jeg lod Tom spise, hvad han ville.	I let Tom eat what he wanted.
Jeg lod Tom sige, hvad han ville.	I let Tom say what he wanted.
Jeg lod Tom sidde, hvor han ville.	I let Tom sit where he wanted.
Jeg lod Tom købe, hvad han ville have.	I let Tom buy what he wanted.
Jeg undgik Tom.	I avoided Tom.
Spis gerne hvad som helst i køleskabet.	Feel free to eat anything in the fridge.
Spis gerne hvad som helst i køleskabet.	Feel free to eat anything in the refrigerator.
Jeg begynder at mistænke, at det ikke kommer til at ske.	I'm beginning to suspect that that's not going to happen.
Jeg skældte ud med Tom.	I berated Tom.
Jeg begynder at mistænke, at det ikke kommer til at ske.	I'm beginning to suspect that that isn't going to happen.
Jeg blokerede Tom.	I blocked Tom.
Jeg tror, ​​at ingen af ​​disse ting kommer til at ske.	I think that neither of those things is going to happen.
Det er seks år siden, min ven gik væk.	It's been six years since my friend went away.
Jeg bar Tom.	I carried Tom.
Det har sneet hele ugen.	It's been snowing all week.
Det har regnet i de sidste tre dage.	It's been raining for the past three days.
Jeg vil gerne takke alle, der hjalp mig med at få dette gjort.	I'd like to thank everybody who helped me get this done.
Det er trist at glemme en ven.	It's sad to forget a friend.
Jeg bor i Aleppo, Syrien.	I live in Aleppo, Syria.
Sami bor i Aleppo, Syrien.	Sami lives in Aleppo, Syria.
Layla bor i Aleppo, Syrien.	Layla lives in Aleppo, Syria.
Jeg sendte en mail til Tom.	I emailed Tom.
Jeg vil gerne takke alle, der hjalp mig med at få dette gjort.	I'd like to thank everyone who helped me get this done.
Jeg bor i Tripoli, Libyen.	I live in Tripoli, Libya.
Sami bor i Homs, Syrien.	Sami lives in Homs, Syria.
Jeg lagde mærke til Tom.	I noticed Tom.
Jeg er marokkaner fra Casablanca.	I am Moroccan from Casablanca.
Jeg bor i Casablanca, Marokko.	I live in Casablanca, Morocco.
Jeg bor i Tripoli, Libanon.	I live in Tripoli, Lebanon.
Følte du jordskælvet i nat omkring midnat?	Did you feel the earthquake last night around midnight?
Ikke alle har haft en ven.	Not everyone has had a friend.
Jeg tog Tom ind.	I took Tom in.
Jeg er altid hårdere ved mig selv, end jeg er ved andre mennesker.	I'm always harder on myself than I am on other people.
Du kan have flere karrierer i dit liv.	You can have several careers in your life.
Jeg fangede Tom.	I trapped Tom.
Tabet vil beløbe sig til hundrede millioner dollars.	The loss will amount to one hundred million dollars.
Jeg dræber Tom.	I'll kill Tom.
Min far truede med at vaske min mund med sæbe.	My father threatened to wash my mouth out with soap.
Tom havde en svimlende karriere.	Tom had a dizzying career.
Jeg elskede Tom.	I did love Tom.
Jeg begynder at mistænke, at det ikke kommer til at ske.	I'm beginning to suspect that's not going to happen.
En strålende karriere ventede ham.	A brilliant career awaited him.
En strålende karriere ventede hende.	A brilliant career awaited her.
Spørg hende, hvor hun parkerede sin bil.	Ask her where she parked her car.
Jeg chikanerede Tom.	I harassed Tom.
Jeg bor i Tripoli.	I live in Tripoli.
Jeg begynder at mistænke, at det ikke kommer til at ske.	I'm beginning to suspect that isn't going to happen.
Jeg har lige mødt Tom.	I just met Tom.
Jeg har allerede givet dig en masse chancer for at gøre det.	I've already given you a lot of chances to do that.
Jeg lod Tom leve.	I let Tom live.
Jeg er sulten, fordi jeg ikke havde tid til at spise frokost.	I'm hungry because I didn't have time to eat lunch.
Jeg elskede fransk.	I loved French.
Vi tager hjem sammen.	We're going home together.
Jeg skammer mig over at sige, at jobbet ikke er færdigt endnu.	I'm ashamed to say that the job isn't finished yet.
Hun sang, og han dansede.	She was singing and he was dancing.
Der er omkring fyrre mennesker her.	There are about forty people here.
"Hvilke sprog kan du, Mary?"	"What languages do you know, Mary?"
"C++, Java og lidt PHP.	"C++, Java and a little PHP.
Hvad med dig, Tom?"	What about you, Tom?"
"Fransk, japansk og hebraisk."	"French, Japanese and Hebrew."
I made Tom mad.	I made Tom mad.
Jeg kan slet ikke forestille mig, hvad du må have været igennem.	I can't even imagine what you must've gone through.
Hvorfor taler de så højt?	Why are they talking so loud?
Jeg fik Tom til at betale.	I made Tom pay.
Der er mange andre ting, vi bør gøre.	There are lots of other things we should be doing.
Jeg mødtes med Tom.	I met with Tom.
Jeg fandt det i ordbogen.	I found it in the dictionary.
Jeg har allerede gjort det meste af det, jeg skal i dag.	I've already done most of what I have to do today.
Jeg elsker tysk.	I love German.
Hvilken en vil du vælge?	Which one are you going to choose?
Jeg afviste Tom.	I rejected Tom.
Jeg er meget taknemmelig for alt det, du har gjort for mig.	I'm very thankful for all that you've done for me.
Jeg ærgrede mig over Tom.	I resented Tom.
Jeg skal lave mine lektier, så snart jeg kommer hjem.	I'm going to do my homework as soon as I get home.
Jeg belønnede Tom.	I rewarded Tom.
Vi faldt alle på knæ og begyndte at bede.	We all got down on our knees and started to pray.
Jeg stod ved siden af ​​Tom.	I stood by Tom.
Der er mange andre ting, vi kunne gøre.	There are lots of other things we could be doing.
Tom og jeg gik.	Tom and I left.
Jeg har allerede læst bogen, du taler om.	I've already read the book you're talking about.
Tom og jeg sagde op.	Tom and I quit.
Jeg har tænkt mig at skrive om, hvad jeg lavede sidste vinter.	I'm going to write about what I did last winter.
Tom vil have dem.	Tom wants them.
Jeg går i seng så snart jeg kommer hjem.	I'm going to go to sleep as soon as I get home.
Jeg gloede på Tom.	I glared at Tom.
Hvad er du på?	What are you on?
Jeg vil være meget mere forsigtig i fremtiden.	I'm going to be much more careful in the future.
Hvilken er den bedste af de to?	Which one is the better of the two?
Jeg fik Tom fyret.	I got Tom fired.
Der er mange andre ting, vi bør gøre.	There are many other things we should be doing.
Vil du have nogle isterninger?	Do you want some ice cubes?
Hvilket måltid vil du anbefale?	Which meal would you recommend?
Hold os venligst opdateret.	Please keep us in the loop.
Vi taler plattysk.	We speak Low German.
Også dig?	You too?
Hvilken kandidat vil du stemme på?	Which candidate will you vote for?
Hvilken kandidat vil du stemme på?	Which candidate are you going to vote for?
Steve Irwin var en berømt østrigsk tv-personlighed.	Steve Irwin was a famous Austrian TV personality.
Glem ikke at skylle.	Don't forget to flush.
Husk at skylle.	Remember to flush.
Jeg holdt Tom nede.	I held Tom down.
Jeg har allerede glemt, hvad jeg skal gøre.	I've already forgotten what I'm supposed to do.
Jeg løb efter Tom.	I ran after Tom.
Jeg er bange for, at vi er på vej i den forkerte retning.	I'm afraid we're headed in the wrong direction.
Jeg stod på Toms side.	I sided with Tom.
I USA kræver det mere uddannelse at blive barber, end det gør at blive politibetjent.	In the United States, it requires more training to become a barber than it does to become a police officer.
Jeg ved ikke, hvad jeg skal gøre med disse kasser.	I don't know what I should do with these boxes.
Jeg var nødt til at dræbe Tom.	I had to kill Tom.
Jeg skal i byen.	I have to go to town.
Jeg havde ikke tid til at spise frokost, så jeg er sulten.	I didn't have time to eat lunch, so I'm hungry.
Jeg fik en anden opgave.	I was given another task.
Hvem sendte Tom derhen?	Who sent Tom there?
Jeg mødte Tom i fængslet.	I met Tom in jail.
Hvad blev Tom dømt for?	What was Tom convicted of?
Jeg har vedhæftet det dokument, du anmodede om.	I've attached the document that you requested.
Min far nægtede at låne mig en bil.	My father refused to lend me a car.
Jeg har mistet mit kreditkort.	I have lost my credit card.
Jeg kan ikke finde mit kreditkort.	I cannot find my credit card.
Jeg spekulerer på, om jeg kan finde mit kreditkort.	I wonder if I can find my credit card.
Jeg gav Tom noget vin.	I gave Tom some wine.
Selvudskæring er meningsløst.	Self-flagellation is pointless.
Har du modtaget min invitation?	Did you receive my invitation?
Jeg bliver i endnu et par uger.	I'm going to stay for another couple of weeks.
Selvudskæring er uproduktivt.	Self-flagellation is unproductive.
De fleste jøder finder Antideutsch-bevægelsen uhyggelig.	Most Jews find the Antideutsch movement creepy.
Jeg kan godt lide Toms frisure.	I like Tom's haircut.
Jeg skammer mig over at sige, at jobbet ikke er færdigt endnu.	I'm ashamed to say the job isn't finished yet.
Jeg kiggede hårdt på Tom.	I looked hard at Tom.
Yanni var helt bange.	Yanni was absolutely terrified.
Yanni var bogstaveligt talt skør.	Yanni was literally crazy.
Yanni var fuldstændig sindssyg.	Yanni was completely insane.
Der er ingen dårlige hunde, kun dårlige ejere.	There are no bad dogs, just bad owners.
Yanni ankom knap til tiden.	Yanni barely arrived there on time.
Skura var letpåklædt.	Skura was scantily clad.
Yanni går der sjældent.	Yanni rarely goes there.
Yanni lod normalt døren stå åben om sommeren.	Yanni usually left the door open in the summertime.
Yanni og Skura ankom nogenlunde samtidig.	Yanni and Skura arrived roughly at the same time.
Jeg vil med glæde hjælpe dig, når du har brug for mig.	I'll be glad to help you whenever you need me.
Yanni havde et bizart foruroligende møde med en mand, der fortalte ham, at han var en eftersøgt seriemorder.	Yanni had a bizarrely disturbing encounter with a man who told him that he was a wanted serial killer.
Du skulle ikke have taget hen til ham.	You shouldn't have gone to his place.
Det er næsten sommer.	It's almost summertime.
Jeg er træt af hans konstante irettesættelse.	I am tired of his constant reprimanding.
Yanni så synligt bedrøvet ud.	Yanni looked visibly distressed.
Yanni så direkte forskrækket ud.	Yanni looked downright terrified.
Yanni hulkede ukontrolleret.	Yanni was sobbing uncontrollably.
Jeg prøvede at fange Tom.	I tried to catch Tom.
Yanni reddede bogstaveligt talt Skuras liv.	Yanni literally saved Skura's life.
Yanni var helt skør.	Yanni was absolutely crazy.
Prøv noget enklere.	Try something simpler.
Yanni var mindre end tilfreds med Skuras opførsel.	Yanni was less than pleased by Skura's conduct.
Yanni holdt en utrolig stor pistol i hånden.	Yanni was holding an incredibly big pistol in his hand.
Jeg tror ikke, jeg behøver at bekymre mig om det.	I don't think that I need to worry about that.
Yanni kunne næsten ikke reagere.	Yanni could barely react.
Yanni tissede bogstaveligt talt i sine bukser.	Yanni literally urinated in his pants.
Dette kunne faktisk ske for Yanni.	This could actually happen to Yanni.
Han klagede over at få en lille portion.	He complained about getting a small portion.
Han klagede over, at han fik en lille portion.	He complained that he got a small portion.
Yanni kørte en gammel mishandlet sedan.	Yanni was driving a battered old sedan.
Du tager fandme forkert!	You're fucking wrong!
Yanni opdagede straks Skuras kabylske accent.	Yanni immediately detected Skura's Kabyle accent.
Yanni forstod det ikke nødvendigvis sådan.	Yanni didn't necessarily understand it that way.
Jeg synes, Tom er en helt.	I think Tom is a hero.
Yanni har gjort sit arbejde til punkt og prikke.	Yanni has done his job to the letter.
Yanni gav Skura et par sprøde 1000 dinarsedler.	Yanni gave Skura a few crisp 1000 dinar bills.
Yanni er en snu ræv.	Yanni is a sly fox.
Yanni så Skura spise råt kød.	Yanni saw Skura eating raw meat.
Det var en tilsyneladende tom restaurant.	It was a seemingly empty restaurant.
Yanni virkede helt bange.	Yanni seemed absolutely terrified.
Yanni drejede let hovedet til højre.	Yanni slightly turned his head to the right.
Yanni indså, at noget var grueligt galt.	Yanni realized that something was horribly wrong.
Yanni kan ikke huske Skuras præcise ord, men de var i bund og grund det.	Yanni can't remember Skura's exact words but they were essentially that.
Jeg ved ikke, hvad jeg skal gøre med det her.	I don't know what I should do with this stuff.
Yanni ringede straks til politiet.	Yanni instantly called the police.
Yanni bor i en forstad til Boston.	Yanni lives in a suburb of Boston.
Yanni var ret stærkt involveret i narkotikahandel.	Yanni was pretty heavily involved in drug trafficking.
Yanni røg konstant.	Yanni was constantly smoking.
Yanni bor i sit hjemland Algier.	Yanni lives in his native Algiers.
Yanni var i bund og grund en magnet for paranormale ting.	Yanni was essentially a magnet for paranormal things.
Hvis bare jeg huskede, hvor jeg havde efterladt det.	If only I remembered where I had left it.
Yanni driver en boghandel i Algier, og sommeren er hans langsomme sæson.	Yanni runs a bookstore in Algiers and summer is his slow season.
Yanni bed Skura ondskabsfuldt.	Yanni bit Skura viciously.
Min eneste ven var Tom.	My only friend was Tom.
Der skete noget meget rodet på arbejdet.	Something extremely messed-up happened at work.
Absolut intet virkede galt med Yanni.	Absolutely nothing seemed amiss with Yanni.
Yanni gik straks i gang.	Yanni immediately jumped into action.
Yanni og Skura var i tårer.	Yanni and Skura were in tears.
Yanni fik et adrenalinsprøjt gennem hjertet.	Yanni was given an adrenaline shot through the heart.
Ambulancepersonalet gav Yanni et adrenalinskud gennem hjertet og formåede at genoplive ham.	The paramedics gave Yanni an adrenaline shot through the heart and managed to revive him.
Yanni fik Skuras opmærksomhed.	Yanni got Skura's attention.
En af separatisterne kaldte mig "algerier" i en anklagende tone.	One of the separatists called me "Algerian" in an accusing tone.
Yanni fortsatte med at råbe fornærmelser til Skura gennem vinduet.	Yanni continued to yell insults at Skura through the window.
På det tidspunkt boede Yanni i en lille by i Algeriet.	At that time, Yanni lived in a small town in Algeria.
Jeg har ikke den fysiske styrke til det.	I don't have the physical strength to do that.
Yanni var utrolig doven.	Yanni was incredibly lazy.
Skumringen nærmede sig hurtigt.	Dusk was quickly approaching.
Yannis restaurant var mærkeligt øde til frokosttid.	Yanni's restaurant was oddly desolate for lunch time.
Yanni rejste sig for at gå, men Skura så næsten ikke på ham.	Yanni got up to leave, but Skura barely looked at him.
Yannis og Skuras borde var vinklet forskelligt.	Yanni's and Skura's tables were angled differently.
Yanni øgede støt lydstyrken på tv'et.	Yanni was steadily increasing the volume of the TV.
Yanni var bestemt ikke klar over, hvad der foregik.	Yanni was definitely unaware of what was going on.
Til sidst kørte politibilen af.	Eventually, the police car drove off.
Jeg datede Tom i et stykke tid.	I dated Tom for a while.
Da Yanni var 24, flyttede han til Algier for at gå på college.	When Yanni was 24, he moved to Algiers to be in college.
Yanni forventede egentlig ikke, at Skura ville tale med ham.	Yanni didn't really expect Skura to talk to him.
Yanni var bestemt ude mentalt.	Yanni was definitely off mentally.
Pludselig slog adrenalinen ind, og jeg slog Yanni firkantet i ansigtet.	Suddenly, adrenaline kicked in and I punched Yanni square in the face.
Jeg er meget taknemmelig for alt, hvad du har gjort for mig.	I'm very thankful for all you've done for me.
Jeg lagde mærke til, at Tom var der.	I noticed Tom was there.
Jeg kan bestemt ikke gøre det så godt som du kan.	I certainly can't do that as well as you can.
Jeg spillede skak med Tom.	I played chess with Tom.
Yanni var sandsynligvis i begyndelsen af ​​fyrrerne eller sidst i trediverne.	Yanni was probably in his early forties or late thirties.
Yanni mumlede noget i, hvad der lød som Berber.	Yanni mumbled something in what sounded like Berber.
Jeg skal skrive om min sommerferie.	I'm going to write about my summer vacation.
Yanni har faktisk ikke gjort noget skadeligt.	Yanni hasn't actually done anything harmful.
Yanni flyttede til Algier kort efter.	Yanni moved to Algiers shortly after.
Det betyder sand og sand ved Sakra.	Yanni smiled warmly at Skura.
Yanni grinede lidt nervøst.	Yanni laughed a little nervously.
Yanni er ikke rigtig interesseret i dating lige nu.	Yanni is not really interested in dating right now.
Yanni smilede akavet.	Yanni smiled awkwardly.
Yanni var endelig væk.	Yanni was finally gone.
Yanni troede oprindeligt, at Skura gik i gymnasiet.	Yanni initially thought Skura was in high school.
Yanni er bestemt glad for, at han ikke så Skura i morges.	Yanni is definitely glad he didn't see Skura this morning.
Jeg vil have værelse med Tom.	I want to room with Tom.
Yanni bar som regel store briller.	Yanni usually wore large glasses.
Yanni stolede implicit på sin kollega.	Yanni trusted his co-worker implicitly.
Jeg vil bruge den nye hammer, du gav mig.	I'm going to use the new hammer you gave me.
hans mave er svag	his stomach is weak
Tom ved, hvad han har mistet.	Tom knows what he's lost.
Hvor er dine hatte?	Where are your hats?
Jeg vil fortælle dig, hvad der skal gøres.	I'm going to tell you what needs to be done.
Yanni gik straks i panik.	Yanni immediately panicked.
Da døren lukkede, gik Yanni straks i panik.	When the door closed, Yanni immediately panicked.
Helt ærligt, da jeg så Yanni, rystede jeg.	Honestly, when I saw Yanni, I was shaking.
Yanni var virkelig bange.	Yanni was really scared.
Yanni var sandsynligvis paranoid.	Yanni was probably being paranoid.
Separatisterne er alt for dumt paranoide.	The separatists are overly stupidly paranoid.
Yanni rørte upassende ved en kvindelig kollega.	Yanni inappropriately touched a female co-worker.
Yanni fik præcis, hvad han fortjente.	Yanni got exactly what he deserved.
Tom kender allerede reglerne.	Tom already knows the rules.
Yanni holdt øje med sin datter nøje.	Yanni was watching his daughter carefully.
Yanni blev helt forskrækket.	Yanni was thoroughly freaked out.
Den lille by retsmediciner var ikke i stand til at fastslå dødsårsagen til denne fremmede.	That small town coroner was unable to determine the cause of death of this stranger.
Jeg går et stille sted, hvor jeg kan studere.	I'm going somewhere quiet where I can study.
Yanni voksede op i et virkelig trygt kvarter i Algier.	Yanni grew up in a really safe neighborhood of Algiers.
Moskeen lå ved siden af ​​Yannis folkeskole.	The mosque was adjacent to Yanni's elementary school.
Yanni havde en kopi af Koranen med sig.	Yanni had a copy of the Quran with him.
Den mand prøvede sandsynligvis at kidnappe Yanni.	That man was probably trying to kidnap Yanni.
Yanni flygtede over parken.	Yanni escaped across the park.
Yanni anmeldte Skura med det samme.	Yanni reported Skura immediately.
Yanni blev straks anmeldt.	Yanni got reported immediately.
Det, Yanni fortalte Skura, var fuldstændig upassende at tale om.	What Yanni told Skura was completely inappropriate to talk about.
Yanni vidste ikke præcis, hvornår Skura ville komme for at hente ham.	Yanni didn't know exactly when Skura would be coming to pick him up.
Yanni var praktisk talt den sidste person, der forlod den brændende bygning.	Yanni was practically the last person to leave the burning building.
Tom indser, hvad han har mistet.	Tom realizes what he's lost.
Skura ignorerede fuldstændig Yannis grove spørgsmål.	Skura completely ignored Yanni's gross questions.
Yanni fortryder ikke at have gjort noget for at hjælpe Skura.	Yanni regrets not doing anything to help Skura.
Yanni blev rørt til tårer.	Yanni was moved to tears.
Yanni kiggede lige på Skura og hendes hund.	Yanni was looking right at Skura and her dog.
Yanni skulle nok have ringet til politiet, så snart han hørte den støj.	Yanni probably should have called the police as soon as he heard that noise.
Yannis tur startede normalt.	Yanni's trip started out normal.
Yanni lagde sin arm på Skuras lår.	Yanni laid his arm on Skura's thigh.
Jeg kæmpede for at forstå, hvad der var sket.	I struggled to understand what had happened.
Yanni rørte ved et uheld ved Skuras bryst.	Yanni accidentally touched Skura's chest.
Yanni kan ikke helt huske hele digtet.	Yanni can't fully remember all of the poem.
Skura børstede sit våde hår.	Skura was brushing her wet hair.
Yanni bad straks Skura om at gå ind på hendes værelse.	Yanni immediately told Skura to go to her room.
Yanni gik på en koranskole.	Yanni went to a Quranic school.
Yanni gik på en anden koranskole.	Yanni went to a different Quranic school.
Solen var allerede oppe.	The sun was already up.
Dating er ikke rigtig Yannis ting.	Dating isn't really Yanni's thing.
Tom indser, at han er i problemer.	Tom realizes he's in trouble.
Yanni er mentalt ustabil.	Yanni is mentally unstable.
Hvad kan der nu gå galt med det?	Now what could possibly go wrong with that?
Yanni sagde hele tiden, at han ville dræbe Skura.	Yanni continuously said he wanted to kill Skura.
Yanni svarede verbalt.	Yanni responded verbally.
Yanni pressede hele tiden Skura til at hænge ud med ham.	Yanni continuously pushed Skura to hang out with him.
Yanni kunne ikke lide, at Skura gik til ting uden ham.	Yanni didn't like Skura going to things without him.
Det tog Yanni ikke alvorligt.	Yanni didn't take that seriously.
Yanni tog ikke Skuras trusler alvorligt.	Yanni didn't take Skura's threats seriously.
Yanni kommer oprindeligt fra Algier.	Yanni is originally from Algiers.
Yanni er væk fra Algier.	Yanni is away from Algiers.
Yanni fik en truende besked fra separatisterne for et par uger siden.	Yanni got a threatening message from the separatists a few weeks ago.
Yanni blokerede Skura på Facebook efter at have fået den besked.	Yanni blocked Skura on Facebook after getting that message.
Tom har en grå bil.	Tom has a gray car.
Yanni trådte ind for at lade døren lukke.	Yanni stepped in to allow the door to close.
Yanni løftede hurtigt låget.	Yanni lifted the lid quickly.
Bare synet af den sauce fik min mave til at vende sig.	Just the sight of that sauce made my stomach turn.
Yannis øjne blev store.	Yanni's eyes widened.
Yannis øjne blev lidt udvidede.	Yanni's eyes slightly widened.
Jeg drikker ikke tequila så ofte, som jeg plejede.	I don't drink tequila as often as I used to.
Yannis vinduer er spærret.	Yanni's windows are barred shut.
I mine øjne er Tom en helt.	In my eyes, Tom is a hero.
Yannis hus var angiveligt hjemsøgt.	Yanni's house was supposedly haunted.
Tom er en helt i mine øjne.	Tom is a hero in my eyes.
Yanni var fire meter fra døren.	Yanni was four feet from the door.
Skuras hår blev trukket så hårdt, at hendes hoved vippede bagud.	Skura's hair was pulled so hard that her head tilted backwards.
Lyt rigtig godt efter.	Listen really closely.
Vi, aber, har indtaget alkohol i 10 millioner år, der begyndte med at spise fermenterede frugter faldet på jorden.	We, apes, have been ingesting alcohol for 10 million years that began with eating fermented fruits fallen on the ground.
Yanni sad ved døren.	Yanni sat near the door.
Yanni gik i skole med Skura.	Yanni went to school with Skura.
Yanni skulle tisse.	Yanni needed to pee.
Yanni smuttede Skura en tusind dinarseddel.	Yanni slipped Skura a thousand dinar bill.
Yanni forlod teatret.	Yanni left the theater.
Yanni fik nogle snacks.	Yanni got some snacks.
Yanni fortalte muntert til Skura, at han var glad for at hjælpe.	Yanni cheerfully told Skura he was glad to help.
Yanni lavede ikke sine squats rigtigt.	Yanni wasn't doing his squats right.
Det, Yanni sagde, var fuldstændig lort.	What Yanni said was complete bull crap.
Yanni smilede med det mest perverse smil nogensinde.	Yanni smiled with the most perverted smile ever.
Yanni smilede med det mest uhyggelige smil nogensinde.	Yanni smiled with the creepiest smile ever.
Yanni ville undgå enhver konfrontation med den fyr.	Yanni wanted to avoid all confrontation with that guy.
Yanni fortsatte til sin næste øvelse.	Yanni proceeded to his next exercise.
Yanni besluttede at blive hos Skura.	Yanni decided to stay at Skura's place.
Yanni tog til en strand, der får mange turister.	Yanni went to a beach that gets a lot of tourists.
Yannis strand er smuk og overkommelig.	Yanni's beach is beautiful and affordable.
Yanni elsker den strand.	Yanni loves that beach.
Yanni tog til en ret afsondret strand.	Yanni went to a pretty secluded beach.
Yanni så ud til at være i sin egen verden.	Yanni seemed to be in his own world.
Yanni tog op for at gå på opdagelse.	Yanni headed up to do some exploring.
Yanni rejser normalt med en schweizerkniv.	Yanni usually travels with a Swiss knife.
I aftes skadede den unge dames libertinske aktiviteter den forreste væg af hendes skede.	Last night the young lady's libertine activities hurt the front wall of her vagina.
Tom ved allerede hvorfor jeg er her.	Tom already knows why I'm here.
Jeg taler Ido.	I speak Ido.
Der er mange andre ting, vi kunne gøre.	There are lots of other things we could do.
Tom indser, hvad han skal gøre.	Tom realizes what he has to do.
Jeg har haft travlt med at gøre klar til festen.	I've been busy getting ready for the party.
Når jeg sluger, føler jeg en intens smerte forårsaget af min langstrakte temporale styloid-proces.	When I swallow I feel an intense pain caused by my elongated temporal styloid process.
Min tilstand hedder "Eagle Syndrome".	My condition is called "Eagle Syndrome".
Tom ved allerede, at Mary er død.	Tom already knows Mary has died.
Jeg er ikke doven.	I'm not lazy.
Det vil jeg bare ikke gøre.	I just don't want to do that.
Tom ved ikke, hvad han har mistet.	Tom doesn't know what he's lost.
Det har jeg meget svært ved at tro på.	I'm finding that very difficult to believe.
Tom ved ikke, at han er i problemer.	Tom doesn't know he's in trouble.
Jeg vil varmt anbefale at gøre det med det samme.	I'd highly recommend doing that right away.
Tom indser, hvad han skal gøre.	Tom realizes what he needs to do.
Jeg var i gang med en skilsmisse på det tidspunkt.	I was going through a divorce at that time.
Tom ved allerede, at Mary gik tidligt.	Tom already knows Mary left early.
Eksperter kan tage fejl.	Experts may be wrong.
Grunden til, at dine hornhinder bliver dækket af pterygium - det der kaldes "surferens øje" - er fordi du udsætter dig selv for meget for solen og vinden.	The reason why your corneas are getting covered with pterygium—what is called "the Surfer's Eye"—is because you are exposing yourself too much to the sun and the wind.
Hvilken smag af is kan du bedst lide?	What flavor of ice cream do you like best?
Hvad skal jeg gøre?	What will I have to do?
Tom kender allerede alles navn.	Tom already knows everyone's name.
Jeg tænker på det problem lige nu.	I'm thinking about that problem right now.
Tom indser, at han er i problemer.	Tom realizes that he's in trouble.
Jeg vil gøre det, uanset hvad du siger.	I'm going to do it no matter what you say.
Tom kender allerede alles navn.	Tom already knows everybody's name.
Tom ved allerede, at Mary er død.	Tom already knows that Mary has died.
Det tror jeg ikke, jeg behøver at bekymre mig om.	I don't think I need to worry about that.
Tom ved allerede, hvem der skal gøre det.	Tom already knows who has to do that.
Jeg holder ikke styr på den slags.	I don't keep track of that kind of thing.
Vi var ikke i stand til at få det, vi ønskede.	We weren't able to get what we wanted.
Tom var ikke i stand til at få det, jeg ønskede.	Tom wasn't able to get what I wanted.
Vi var ikke i stand til at få det, vi havde brug for.	We weren't able to get what we needed.
Tom ved ikke, at han er i problemer.	Tom doesn't know that he's in trouble.
Jeg sad der alene i lang tid.	I sat there by myself for a long time.
Tom ved allerede, hvem der skal gøre det.	Tom already knows who needs to do that.
Jeg har ikke tænkt mig at tage afsted snart.	I don't plan to leave any time soon.
Tom ved allerede, hvem der vil gøre det.	Tom already knows who wants to do that.
Jeg bor ikke så langt væk herfra.	I don't live too far away from here.
Tom ved allerede, hvad der skete med Mary.	Tom already knows what happened to Mary.
Det gør vi vel alle sammen nogle gange.	I guess we all do that sometimes.
Tom ved allerede, hvem der skal gøre det.	Tom already knows who's going to do that.
Jeg drikker ikke tequila så tit.	I don't drink tequila very often.
Jeg bor på den anden side af floden.	I live on the other side of the river.
Jeg har faktisk skrevet en sang til dig.	I actually wrote a song for you.
Tom og jeg endte med at blive nære venner.	Tom and I ended up becoming close friends.
Hvilken dag bliver gentagelsen?	What day will the retake be?
Modtag venligst vores kondolencer.	Please accept our condolences.
Tom og jeg spiller ikke længere i samme band.	Tom and I no longer play in the same band.
Jeg kunne ikke få, hvad han ville.	I couldn't get what he wanted.
Jeg fandt hurtigt ud af, at Tom var meget farlig.	I soon learned that Tom was very dangerous.
Jeg kunne ikke få det, jeg havde brug for.	I couldn't get what I needed.
Jeg tror, ​​at Tom er en helt for det, han gjorde.	I think that Tom is a hero for what he did.
Jeg betaler dig ikke nok, gør jeg?	I don't pay you enough, do I?
Tom ved allerede præcis, hvornår han tager af sted.	Tom already knows exactly when he'll leave.
Jeg spiser ikke altid ordentligt.	I don't always eat properly.
Tom var den, der inspirerede mig til at gøre dette.	Tom was the one who inspired me to do this.
Jeg ved bare, at det ikke er sandt.	I just know it's not true.
Jeg lærte hurtigt, at Tom var svær at omgås.	I soon learned Tom was hard to get along with.
Jeg fortæller ikke vittigheder godt.	I don't tell jokes well.
Tom ved allerede, at jeg ikke er særlig glad for det.	Tom already knows I'm not very happy about it.
Jeg havde ikke slips på.	I wasn't wearing a tie.
Tom ved allerede, hvor han vil gøre det.	Tom already knows where he's going to do that.
Få dit knæ fra vores nakke!	Get your knee off our necks!
Den mobiltelefon, jeg købte, var ret billig, men den hjælper.	The cellphone that I bought was quite cheap, but it is helping.
Hjælp mig, ellers mister jeg to timer i den kø.	Help me, otherwise I will lose two hours in that queue.
Pludselig knækkede den gren, han var på, og han faldt til jorden.	Suddenly, the branch he was on broke, and he fell to the ground.
Algeriet vil ikke etablere diplomatiske forbindelser med Israel.	Algeria will not establish diplomatic relations with Israel.
Algeriet vil ikke normalisere forholdet til Israel.	Algeria will not normalize relations with Israel.
Algeriet kan ikke normalisere forholdet til Israel.	Algeria can't normalize relations with Israel.
Jeg elsker dette udtryk.	I love this expression.
Jeg kan ikke forlade bilen i dag.	I cannot leave the car today.
Lad os se, om herren vil hjælpe mig.	Let's see whether the gentleman will help me.
Tom og jeg spiller ikke i samme band længere.	Tom and I don't play in the same band anymore.
Pludselig knækker grenen, han er på, og han falder til jorden.	Suddenly, the branch he's on breaks, and he falls to the ground.
Jeg følte mig lige så rolig som altid.	I felt as calm as ever.
Tom og Mary stak af til Boston for at blive gift.	Tom and Mary ran off to Boston to get married.
Den kasse er for stor til at sætte i bagagerummet på bilen.	That box is too big to put in the boot of the car.
Min brolly gik i stykker.	My brolly broke.
Jeg prøvede ikke meget.	I didn't try very hard.
Hvilken ladning af absolut torskesluger.	What a load of absolute codswallop.
Jeg havde en ven, der hed Tom, da jeg voksede op.	I had a friend named Tom when I was growing up.
Jeg har set mange ting.	I've seen many things.
Yanni er for en énstatsløsning i Palæstina.	Yanni is for a one-state solution in Palestine.
Jeg skal kun bo hos Tom i tre dage.	I'll only have to stay with Tom for three days.
Jeg ville ikke nævne det.	I wouldn't mention it.
Tom og jeg endte med at blive rigtig gode venner.	Tom and I ended up becoming really good friends.
Nu er alle imod palæstinenserne.	Now everyone is against the Palestinians.
Jeg spiser aldrig morgenmad.	I never eat breakfast.
Jeg kunne slet ikke lide Tom første gang, jeg mødte ham.	I didn't like Tom at all the first time I met him.
Jeg skulle være meget fast.	I had to be very firm.
Tom og jeg blev suspenderet fra skolen for kampe.	Tom and I were suspended from school for fighting.
Jeg underviser ikke længere.	I don't teach anymore.
Vi boede sammen i Boston i et par dage.	We stayed together in Boston for a couple of days.
Jeg bor ikke i nærheden af ​​dig.	I don't live near you.
Algeriere vil aldrig glemme Palæstina.	Algerians will never forget Palestine.
Algeriere er med Palæstina.	Algerians are with Palestine.
I Palæstina er én-statsløsningen den eneste retfærdige og levedygtige løsning.	In Palestine, the one-state solution is the only just and viable solution.
Jeg lærte hurtigt, at Tom var svær at omgås.	I soon learned that Tom was hard to get along with.
Jeg kan ikke lide dig meget.	I don't like you much.
De ved meget lidt om Palæstina.	They know very little about Palestine.
Hvordan fremstilles palæstinenserne i dit land?	How are the Palestinians portrayed in your country?
Tom ved allerede, at jeg ikke er særlig glad for det.	Tom already knows that I'm not very happy about it.
Jeg kan ikke lide tomater.	I don't like tomatoes.
Tom tog til Annaba, Algeriet.	Tom went to Annaba, Algeria.
Tom besøgte Annaba, Algeriet.	Tom visited Annaba, Algeria.
Næsten hver gang jeg ser Tom, har han hovedtelefoner på.	Almost every time I see Tom, he's wearing headphones.
Min bror bor i Annaba, Algeriet.	My brother lives in Annaba, Algeria.
Jeg kan ikke lide ideen.	I don't like the idea.
Er det OK at kritisere Saudi-Arabien?	Is it OK to criticize Saudi Arabia?
Er det OK for en journalist med base i Canberra, Australien, at kritisere Saudi-Arabien?	Is it OK for a journalist based in Canberra, Australia, to criticize Saudi Arabia?
Er det OK at kritisere Saudi-Arabien i Oslo, eller skal vi ringe til det norske udenrigsministerium for at ansøge om en form for tilladelse til at gøre det?	Is it OK to criticize Saudi Arabia in Oslo or should we call the Norwegian ministry of foreign affairs to apply for some sort of authorization to do so?
Tom ved allerede, at Mary vil være til hans fødselsdagsfest.	Tom already knows Mary will be at his birthday party.
Kan Saudi-Arabien åbenlyst kritiseres i Frankrig?	Can Saudi Arabia be openly criticized in France?
Jeg har mistet mit kreditkort.	I've lost my credit card.
Jeg kan ikke finde mit kreditkort.	I can't find my credit card.
Du skulle ikke være gået hen til ham.	You shouldn't've gone to his place.
For at kritisere Saudi-Arabien og nogle få andre lande, skal du ansøge om en tilladelse fra Internet Thought Police.	To criticize Saudi Arabia and some few other countries, you'll need to apply for an authorization from the Internet Thought Police.
Kan vi stadig åbenlyst kritisere Saudi-Arabien online?	Can we still openly criticize Saudi Arabia online?
Jeg behøver ikke at gå.	I don't have to leave.
Palæstina betyder noget.	Palestine matters.
Palæstinensiske liv betyder noget.	Palestinian lives matter.
Jeg tror, ​​at...	I think that...
Palæstinensiske liv betyder noget.	Palestinian lives matter.
Palæstinensiske liv betyder noget, tror jeg.	Palestinian lives matter, I think.
Palæstinensiske liv betyder også noget.	Palestinian lives matter, too.
Jeg tror, ​​at palæstinensere også er... mennesker.	I think that Palestinians are... human, too.
Hvorfor er du så bange for sandheden?	Why are you so terrified of the truth?
Jeg synes, det stadig er OK at kritisere Saudi-Arabien online.	I think it's still OK to criticize Saudi Arabia online.
Jeg synes, det stadig er OK at bruge ordet palæstinenser online.	I think it's still OK to use the word Palestinian online.
De fleste israelere er gudskelov anstændige mennesker, og at diskutere én-statsløsningen med dem er, tror jeg, absolut muligt.	Most Israelis are, thank God, decent people, and discussing the one-state solution with them is, I think, absolutely possible.
Jeg håber, det er OK at kritisere Mississippis statsflag her.	I hope it's OK to criticize the state flag of Mississippi here.
Jeg håber, vi stadig har ret til at kritisere Mississippis flag online.	I hope we still have the right to criticize the flag of Mississippi online.
Jeg håber, det stadig er i orden at kritisere Mississippis flag uden at skulle spørge om tilladelse fra KKK.	I hope it's still OK to criticize the flag of Mississippi without having to ask permission from the KKK.
Jeg håber, det stadig er OK at kritisere Mississippis flag uden at skulle søge om tilladelse fra Ku Klux Klan.	I hope it's still OK to criticize the flag of Mississippi without having to apply for permission from the Ku Klux Klan.
Mississippis flag indeholder et konfødereret flag.	The flag of Mississippi contains a Confederate flag.
Det er derfor, jeg personligt betragter det som et racistisk flag.	That's why I personally consider it as a racist flag.
Jeg hader Lynard Skynard for deres brug af det konfødererede flag.	I hate Lynard Skynard for their use of the Confederate flag.
Jeg tror, ​​at det konfødererede flag er et racistisk symbol.	I think that the Confederate Flag is a racist symbol.
Jeg kunne slet ikke lide Tom første gang, jeg mødte ham.	I didn't like Tom at all the first time that I met him.
Tom bor i et glashus.	Tom lives in a glass house.
Jeg behøver ikke gøre det.	I don't have to do it.
Frankrig er hjemsted for verdens tredjestørste jødiske befolkning, der primært består af dem, der er etnisk renset fra Nordafrika.	France is home to the world's third largest Jewish population, composed primarily of those ethnically cleansed from North Africa.
Jeg har kendt hende i et år.	I've known her for one year.
Jeg tilbød Tom tredive dollars for at hjælpe mig med at rense min garage.	I offered Tom thirty dollars to help me clean my garage.
Der sker ikke noget i et vakuum.	Nothing happens in a vacuum.
Jeg har ikke kabel-tv.	I don't have cable TV.
Tom ved allerede, at Mary vil være til hans fødselsdagsfest.	Tom already knows that Mary will be at his birthday party.
Jeg er træt af hans konstante skældud.	I am tired of his constant scolding.
Jeg spiser ikke ret meget.	I don't eat very much.
Tom og Mary lejede et hus i Boston efter at være blevet gift.	Tom and Mary rented a house in Boston after getting married.
Jeg kører ikke på arbejde.	I don't drive to work.
Er der nogen der kender hende?	Does anybody know her?
Tom og jeg skulle arbejde sammen, selvom vi hadede hinanden.	Tom and I had to work together, even though we hated each other.
Vi ser ikke ud til at være en enhed.	We don't seem to be a unit.
Jeg drikker ikke tequila.	I don't drink tequila.
Der er ingen umulig ting, bare en uduelig person.	There's no impossible thing, just an incapable person.
Han glemte ikke sine penge.	He didn't forget his money.
Ken klager over hovedpine.	Ken complains of a headache.
Jeg vaskede op.	I was washing the dishes.
Jeg har kendt hende i årevis.	I have known her for years.
Et moderland er noget, man ikke kan vælge.	A motherland is something you can't choose.
Jeg ringede til Marys far og bad ham om tilladelse til at bede Mary ud.	I called Mary's father and asked him for permission to ask Mary out.
Jeg vil ikke retfærdiggøre min beslutning.	I wouldn't like to justify my decision.
Gå ikke ligeud!	Don't go straight!
Du er for stor til dine britches.	You're too big for your britches.
Han har et interview i morgen.	He has an interview tomorrow.
Jeg kan ikke lide sådanne mennesker.	I dislike such people.
Den bil indikerede ikke, at den skulle dreje til højre.	That car didn't indicate it was going to turn right.
Jeg serverede mad til alle.	I served everyone food.
Jeg studerede ikke nok.	I didn't study enough.
Er du en skide idiot?	Are you a fucking moron?
Er du en bellende?	Are you a bellend?
Han køber briller.	He's buying glasses.
Jeg sad i nærheden af ​​Tom.	I sat near Tom.
De hunde ville ikke stoppe med at gø.	Those dogs wouldn't stop barking.
Hotellet ligger ved siden af ​​biografen.	The hotel is next to the movie theater.
Jeg sov slet ikke.	I didn't sleep at all.
Hvad var farven på Napoleons hvide hest?	What was the colour of the white horse of Napoleon?
Jeg ramte Toms bil.	I hit Tom's car.
Hvor mange passagerer er der om bord på skibet?	How many passengers are on board the ship?
Jeg forstod det ikke helt.	I didn't quite get it.
Jeg holdt Tom beskæftiget.	I kept Tom busy.
Katten jagtede et egern.	The cat chased a squirrel.
Er du sikker på, at han kommer i tide?	Are you sure that he will come in time?
Jeg tænker over det.	I'm thinking it over.
Jeg kender også Tom.	I know Tom, too.
Jeg forberedte mig på døden.	I prepared for death.
Jeg lytter til Tom.	I listen to Tom.
Er det virkelig bedre at brænde ud end at forsvinde?	Is it really better to burn out than fade away?
Jeg har den til venstre.	I have it on my left.
Jeg havde problemer med at bevæge mig.	I had trouble moving.
Jeg beskyttede Tom.	I protected Tom.
Det er vist et ja.	I guess that's a yes.
Jeg red med Tom.	I rode with Tom.
Jeg fik os en god handel.	I got us a good deal.
Hitler drømte om en alliance med det britiske imperium.	Hitler dreamt of an alliance with the British Empire.
Jeg sang med Tom.	I sang with Tom.
"'Aman' er berbernes ord for vand."	"'Aman' is the Berber word for water."
"Det er løgn!	"That's a lie!
Det er Kabyle."	It's Kabyle."
"'Ul' er et berberord, og det betyder hjerte."	"'Ul' is a Berber word and it means heart."
"Du er en løgner!	"You're a liar!
Det er Kabyle."	It's Kabyle."
"'Argaz' er Berber for mand."	"'Argaz' is Berber for man."
"Nej, det er ikke sandt, og du er en løgner!	"No, that's not true and you're a liar!
Dette er et kabylsk ord."	This is a Kabyle word."
"'Tidikelt' er en region i Sahara-ørkenen, og det er et berberord."	"'Tidikelt' is a region in the Sahara Desert and it's a Berber word."
"Nej, det er løgn, og du er en løgner!	"No, that's a lie and you're a liar!
Dette er et kabylsk ord."	This is a Kabyle word."
Yanni har altid været noget akavet.	Yanni has always been somewhat awkward.
Vi besluttede at gå til indkøbscenteret.	We decided to go to the shopping centre.
Yanni har altid været ret dårlig til at tale med piger.	Yanni has always been pretty bad at talking to girls.
Yanni er det stik modsatte af sin søster.	Yanni is the exact opposite of his sister.
Yanni skrev Skura et kærlighedsbrev på Valentinsdag.	Yanni wrote Skura a love letter on Valentine's Day.
Yanni oprettede en datingprofil på internettet.	Yanni set up a dating profile on the Internet.
Yanni modtog en besked fra en pige, der var ekstremt attraktiv.	Yanni received a message from a girl who was extremely attractive.
Yanni kunne lide Skuras navn.	Yanni liked Skura's name.
Yanni havde en tør sans for humor.	Yanni had a dry sense of humor.
Jeg har ikke pyjamas på.	I don't wear pajamas.
Yanni og Skura talte om mange ting.	Yanni and Skura talked about a lot of things.
Yanni var en af ​​de sødeste mennesker, jeg nogensinde har talt med.	Yanni was one of the nicest people I've ever spoken to.
Yanni hentede Skura i centrum.	Yanni picked Skura up downtown.
Yanni betalte checkene.	Yanni was paying the checks.
Yanni og Skura gik til middag.	Yanni and Skura went to dinner.
Yanni og Skura så en film.	Yanni and Skura watched a movie.
Hans karriere fik en lynstart.	His career had a lightning start.
Yanni og Skura gik i biografen.	Yanni and Skura went to the movies.
Søen har en dyb blå farve.	The lake has a deep blue color.
Yanni svarede ikke på Skuras sms med det samme.	Yanni didn't respond to Skura's text right away.
Yanni og Skura fejrede Valentinsdag.	Yanni and Skura were celebrating Valentine's Day.
Yanni slap Skuras hånd.	Yanni let go of Skura's hand.
Jeg kan ikke konkurrere med dig.	I can't compete with you.
Yanni stirrede på vandet.	Yanni was staring at the water.
Yanni stod der med et smil på læben.	Yanni was standing there with a smile on his face.
Yanni talte til Skura med en flirtende stemme.	Yanni talked to Skura in a flirtatious voice.
Yanni gik ud af stien.	Yanni walked out of the trail.
Yanni så to fyre stå der.	Yanni saw two guys standing there.
Soldaterne skiftedes til at slå og sparke den palæstinensiske teenager.	The soldiers took turns punching and kicking the Palestinian teenager.
Yanni ringede til politiet.	Yanni called the cops.
Yanni havde en hel plan om at røve Skura.	Yanni had an entire plan to rob Skura.
Yanni ønskede ikke at tage nogen chancer.	Yanni didn't want to take any chances.
Politiet kunne ikke spore Yanni.	The police couldn't track Yanni.
Yanni havde et par hundrede dollars på sig.	Yanni had a couple of hundred bucks on him.
Yanni har stadig mareridt den nat.	Yanni still has nightmares of that night.
Yanni blev angrebet af en gruppe fremmede.	Yanni got attacked by a group of strangers.
Yanni var en tyv.	Yanni was a thief.
Yanni forsvandt ind i mørket.	Yanni disappeared into obscurity.
Yanni har aldrig været en stor fan af Valentinsdag.	Yanni has never been a huge fan of Valentine's Day.
På tidspunktet for den historie var Yanni fyrre år gammel.	At the time of that story, Yanni was forty years old.
Yannis skift var meget langsomt og kedeligt.	Yanni's shift was very slow and boring.
Yanni så Youtube.	Yanni was watching Youtube.
Yanni ville se noget Netflix.	Yanni wanted to watch some Netflix.
Yanni genkendte den kvinde.	Yanni recognized that woman.
Yanni gik i gymnasiet med Skura.	Yanni went to high school with Skura.
Yanni hilste Skura med et kram, fordi det bare var hans personlighed.	Yanni greeted Skura with a hug because that was just his personality.
Yanni har været lidt af en søvnløs på det seneste.	Yanni has been a bit of an insomniac lately.
Yanni og Skura lo og jokede om nogle gymnasieminder.	Yanni and Skura laughed and joked about some high school memories.
Yanni dukkede op midt om natten.	Yanni showed up in the middle of the night.
Yanni gik på toilettet.	Yanni went to the bathroom.
Yanni og Skura har nogle fælles venner.	Yanni and Skura have some mutual friends.
Yanni er ikke meget af en gyserfan.	Yanni is not much of a horror buff.
Yanni kom ud af badeværelset et par minutter senere.	Yanni came out of the bathroom a few minutes later.
Yanni svarede forvirret.	Yanni responded in a confused manner.
Jeg så Toms bil.	I saw Tom's car.
Yanni smækkede begge hænder på disken og begyndte at råbe uanstændigheder til bartenderen.	Yanni slammed both hands on the counter and started yelling obscenities at the bartender.
Yanni forsøgte at tage fat i Skuras arm.	Yanni tried to grab Skura's arm.
Yanni stirrede på Skura med næsten livløse øjne.	Yanni was staring at Skura with almost lifeless eyes.
Yanni var dækket af tatoveringer.	Yanni was covered in tattoos.
Oksanka gemte sig på loftet.	Oksanka hid in the attic.
Yanni tatoverede Skuras navn på hans bryst.	Yanni tattooed Skura's name on his chest.
Yanni kunne ikke engang få vejret.	Yanni couldn't even catch his breath.
Yanni holdt blikket rettet mod Skura.	Yanni kept his gaze fixed on Skura.
Han er for tyk til at løbe hurtigt.	He's too fat to run fast.
Yanni holdt sit skøre blik på den sygeplejerske.	Yanni kept his crazy gaze on that nurse.
Yanni ignorerede politimanden.	Yanni ignored the policeman.
Yanni føler, at han skylder Skura sit liv.	Yanni feels like he owes Skura his life.
Yanni er en algerisk lastbilchauffør.	Yanni is an Algerian truck driver.
Yanni arbejder ikke længere om natten.	Yanni doesn't work overnights anymore.
Yanni fik hjælp.	Yanni got help.
Yanni udviklede en besættelse for Skura.	Yanni developed an obsession for Skura.
Yanni er stadig i fængsel.	Yanni is still in jail.
Valentinsdag er en tid for kærlighed.	Valentine's Day is a time for love.
Yanni boede et ret varmt sted.	Yanni lived in a fairly warm place.
Yanni og Skura besluttede at tage en hurtig vandretur.	Yanni and Skura decided to take a quick hike.
Yanni og Skura havde en picnic.	Yanni and Skura had a picnic.
Bagsy forsædet!	Bagsy the front seat!
Området, hvor Yanni og Skura havde en picnic, overså hans hjem.	The area where Yanni and Skura had a picnic overlooked his home.
Yanni og Skura gik væk fra hovedstien og gik til deres foretrukne picnicsted.	Yanni and Skura went off the main trail and walked to their favorite picnic spot.
Yanni stirrede på den smukke udsigt.	Yanni was staring at the beautiful view.
Yanni hørte noget i skoven.	Yanni heard something in the woods.
Yanni insisterede på, at vi skulle tjekke op i baghaven.	Yanni insisted that we check up the backyard.
Yanni så en mærkelig form bag træerne.	Yanni so a strange shape behind the trees.
Yanni så en mørk skikkelse i skoven.	Yanni saw a dark figure in the woods.
Yanni følte intens angst.	Yanni felt intense anxiety.
Yanni så en person i træerne.	Yanni saw a person in the trees.
Yanni efterlod alle tingene og gik tilbage til sit telt.	Yanni left all the stuff behind and went back to his tent.
Yanni var omkring fyrre meter væk.	Yanni was about forty feet away.
Yanni så ud som om han havde skæg.	Yanni looked like he had a beard.
Yanni hørte susen fra træerne.	Yanni heard the rustling of the trees.
Yanni ringede til myndighederne med det samme.	Yanni called the authorities right away.
Yanni opdagede en båd fra så langt væk.	Yanni spotted a boat from so far away.
Jeg vil ikke hjælpe.	I don't want to help.
Skuras kæreste forkæler hende altid, når han kan.	Skura's boyfriend always spoils her when he can.
Yanni bor i et relativt sikkert område.	Yanni lives in a relatively safe area.
Der er en politistation lige rundt om blokken.	There is a police station right around the block.
Yanni fik dækket bordet med stearinlys.	Yanni got the table set with candles.
Yanni lugtede en sjov lugt.	Yanni smelt a funny smell.
Yanni bruger ikke kropsvask.	Yanni doesn't use body wash.
Yanni hilste Skura med valentinsdagsblomster.	Yanni greeted Skura with Valentine's Day flowers.
Yanni og Skura havde en dejlig aften.	Yanni and Skura had a lovely evening.
Yanni kom til bunden af ​​trappen.	Yanni came to the bottom of the stairs.
Yanni gik ind i det andet rum og ringede til politiet.	Yanni went into the other room and called the police.
Yanni så mudrede fodspor på køkkengulvet.	Yanni saw muddy footprints on the kitchen floor.
Yanni's låste ikke sin dør.	Yanni's did not lock his door.
Yannis vindue blev aldrig lukket.	Yanni's window was never shut.
Yanni havde sorte arbejdsstøvler på.	Yanni wore black work boots.
Yanni skubbede Skura mod væggen.	Yanni pushed Skura against the wall.
Yannis hensigter var ukendte.	Yanni's intentions were unknown.
Yanni kunne ikke sove godt den nat.	Yanni couldn't sleep well that night.
Yanni var i bad.	Yanni was in the shower.
Yanni forsøger stadig at klare oplevelsen.	Yanni is still trying to cope with the experience.
Denne historie skete for Yanni for fire år siden på Valentinsdag.	This story happened to Yanni four years ago on Valentine's Day.
Yanni tog til Skuras hus til en dejlig middag.	Yanni went to Skura's house for a lovely dinner.
Yanni boede midt i ingenting.	Yanni lived in the middle of nowhere.
Yanni boede ved siden af ​​en kornmark.	Yanni lived next to a corn field.
Yanni boede i udkanten af ​​byen.	Yanni lived on the outskirts of town.
Yanni stoppede i siden af ​​vejen.	Yanni pulled over on the side of the road.
Yanni er ikke rigtig god til mål.	Yanni isn't real good with measurements.
Yanni tog sin telefon frem for at prøve at optage det.	Yanni took out his phone to try to record that.
Jeg stjal for Tom.	I stole for Tom.
S betyder, at flowet er et kilo græshopper.	Yanni is an Algerian college grad.
Yanni var ved at gøre klar til arbejde.	Yanni was getting ready for work.
Yanni så i form.	Yanni looked in shape.
Den slags sker ikke rigtigt for Yanni.	That kind of stuff doesn't really happen to Yanni.
Yanni sendte Skura en smuk buket roser.	Yanni sent Skura a beautiful bouquet of roses.
Yanni gjorde rent noget opvask.	Yanni cleaned some dishes.
Yanni så en bil parkeret uden for hans hus.	Yanni saw a car parked outside his house.
Yanni satte sig tilbage ved sin computer.	Yanni sat back down at his computer.
Yanni trak gardinet tilbage.	Yanni pulled back the curtain.
Yanni og Skura låste øjnene.	Yanni and Skura locked eyes.
Yanni kunne ikke se bilens kørekort.	Yanni couldn't make out the license of the car.
Yanni og Skura stod ikke mere end centimeter fra hinanden.	Yanni and Skura stood not more than inches apart.
Yanni boede i Algier, Algeriet.	Yanni was living in Algiers, Algeria.
Jeg går ikke længere.	I don't walk anymore.
Yanni blev venner med nogle soldater.	Yanni became friends with some soldiers.
Yanni generede Skura i bussen.	Yanni bothered Skura on the bus.
Yanni og Skura havde en interessant samtale.	Yanni and Skura had an interesting conversation.
Yanni ankom til Algier, Algeriet.	Yanni arrived in Algiers, Algeria.
Yanni boede i centrum af Algier.	Yanni lived in downtown Algiers.
Yanni anede ikke, hvilken retning han skulle gå.	Yanni had no idea which direction to go.
Yanni blev der lidt, mens hans telefon blev opladet.	Yanni stayed there for a little bit while his phone charged.
Yanni ringede til et taxaselskab.	Yanni called a taxi company.
Yannis nummer stod øverst på listen.	Yanni's number was at the top of the list.
Yanni prøvede at ringe til en taxa.	Yanni was trying to call a cab.
Yannis telefon døde ti minutter efter, at han ringede.	Yanni's phone died ten minutes after he made the call.
Yannis førerhus var ikke mærket.	Yanni's cab wasn't marked.
Yannis førerhus havde intet logo.	Yanni's cab had no logo.
Yanni følte en vis lettelse.	Yanni felt some relief.
Yanni kom på hovedvejen.	Yanni got on the main road.
Jeg støttede Tom.	I supported Tom.
Jeg bruger ikke steroider.	I don't use steroids.
Bagdøren var børnesikringslåst.	The back door was child-safety locked.
Jeg ville støtte Tom.	I'd support Tom.
Yanni kiggede rundt i lokalet, som om han ledte efter nogen.	Yanni glanced around the room like he was looking for someone.
En ubeskrivelig duft udgik fra lotusblomsterne.	An indescribable fragrance emanated from the lotus flowers.
Yanni var forståeligt nok på kanten.	Yanni was understandably on edge.
Yanni gjorde Skura til et fjols.	Yanni made Skura into a fool.
Yanni sendte en aggressiv besked til Skura.	Yanni messaged Skura aggressively.
Yanni var på besøg hos familie i Algeriet.	Yanni was visiting family in Algeria.
Jeg behøver ikke at arbejde.	I don't need to work.
Yanni kan hverken tale eller læse berberisk.	Yanni can neither speak nor read Berber.
Yanni har boet hele sit liv i Algeriet.	Yanni has lived all his life in Algeria.
Yanni skreg en række ord, der ville få en sømand til at rødme.	Yanni screamed a string of words that would make a sailor blush.
Jeg reddede Tom ud.	I bailed Tom out.
Lad ikke følelser sløre din dømmekraft.	Don't let emotion cloud your judgement.
Jeg får et brag ud af det.	I get a bang out of it.
Separatisterne er paranoide af natur.	The separatists are paranoid by nature.
Separatisterne er konstant flippede ud.	The separatists are constantly freaked out.
Fyld det.	Stuff it.
Separatisterne ved, at de er forskruede.	The separatists know they're screwed.
Jeg kan ikke lide at gå.	I don't like walking.
Separatisterne ønsker bare ikke at indrømme deres nederlag.	The separatists just don't want to admit their defeat.
Separatisterne er totalt marginaliserede.	The separatists are totally marginalized.
Yanni satte sin bil i bakgear.	Yanni put his car in reverse.
Yanni vendte om.	Yanni reversed.
Yanni bor i en elendig del af Paris.	Yanni lives in a crappy part of Paris.
Yanni gav Skura store røde flag.	Yanni gave Skura major red flags.
Yanni efterlignede en pige på Facebook.	Yanni impersonated a girl on Facebook.
Yanni var en kæmpe særling.	Yanni was a huge weirdo.
Yannis historie er lang og indviklet.	Yanni's story is long and convoluted.
Jeg lavede mad til Tom.	I cooked for Tom.
Yanni talte om Skuras kabylske accent.	Yanni talked about Skura's Kabyle accent.
Lotusblomsterne afgav en ubeskrivelig duft.	The lotus flowers gave off an indescribable fragrance.
Algeriet og Pakistan er helt forskellige.	Algeria and Pakistan are completely different.
Yanni tog til en kæmpe musikfestival.	Yanni went to a huge music festival.
Jeg kan ikke lide at vente.	I don't like to wait.
Yanni havde en ret interessant kabylsk accent.	Yanni had a pretty interesting Kabyle accent.
Yanni var også fra Algeriet.	Yanni was from Algeria as well.
Yanni fik Skuras blod til at løbe koldt.	Yanni made Skura's blood run cold.
Yanni flirtede harmløst med Skura.	Yanni flirted with Skura harmlessly.
Denne sætning har intet at sige.	This sentence has nothing to say.
Tag det som eksempel.	Take it as an example.
Yanni fik fire dages fri.	Yanni was given four days off.
Separatisternes leder er en paranoid person.	The leader of the separatists is a paranoid person.
Yanni steg ud af sin bil.	Yanni got out of his car.
Yanni trak op til kantstenen.	Yanni pulled up to the curb.
Yanni åbnede sin kuffert og begyndte at rode rundt.	Yanni opened his trunk and started rummaging around.
Yanni smed sin bil i bakgear.	Yanni threw his car in reverse.
Yanni sprang tilbage til sin bil.	Yanni sprang back to his car.
Yanni mumlede skældsord og fornærmelser.	Yanni was muttering cuss words and insults.
Du er et godt eksempel.	You're a good example.
Du er det bedste eksempel.	You're the best example.
Du har ret; det er et godt eksempel.	You're right; that's a good example.
Kabylekjoler er normalt ikke afslørende.	Kabyle dresses are usually not revealing.
Kan du bære en kabylsk kjole med høje hæle?	Can you wear a Kabyle dress with high heels?
Yanni komplimenterede Skuras kabyliske kjole.	Yanni complimented Skura's Kabyle dress.
Jeg græd med Tom.	I cried with Tom.
Yanni bad Skura om at tage med til Algier.	Yanni asked Skura to come with him to Algiers.
Endelig kom bussen.	Finally, the bus came.
Bussen var næsten tom.	The bus was practically empty.
Jeg har allerede fortalt dig, at jeg ikke vil til Algier.	I have already told you that I don't want to go to Algiers.
Jeg kan ikke lide at svømme.	I don't like to swim.
Hanbregne er ikke mere maskulin end hunbregne; det er bare, at den første har lysere blade og ser mere robust ud end den anden.	Male fern is not more masculine than female fern; it is just that the first has brighter leaves and looks more robust than the other.
Yanni tog tilbage til Algier.	Yanni headed back to Algiers.
Dette er ikke et særlig godt eksempel.	This is not a very good example.
Jeg misunder ikke Tom.	I don't envy Tom.
Jeg kan ikke lide at synge.	I don't like singing.
Yanni blev for alvor skræmt ud.	Yanni got seriously creeped out.
Yanni var generelt sej at arbejde sammen med.	Yanni was generally cool to work with.
Yanni lagde så meget afstand mellem ham og Skura som muligt.	Yanni put as much distance between him and Skura as possible.
Jeg gav Tom en kuglepen.	I gave Tom a pen.
Yanni endte på et alderdomshjem.	Yanni ended up at a retirement home.
Jeg inviterede hende til frokost, men hun afviste min invitation.	I invited her for lunch, but she refused my invitation.
Efter din operation skal du tilbringe et par dage i en kurby og komme dig i de varme kilder.	After your surgery, you must spend a few days in a spa town and recover in thermal springs.
Det værelse var optaget af et andet par.	That room was occupied by another couple.
Jeg kan ikke lide at barbere mig.	I don't like shaving.
Kablet stak ud af væggen.	The cable was sticking out of the wall.
Jeg turde ikke sige noget.	I didn't dare to say anything.
Yanni flygtede ud af rummet.	Yanni bolted out of that room.
Yanni nægtede standhaftigt at tale om det.	Yanni steadfastly refused to talk about that.
Yanni klædte sig ud til en Halloween-fest.	Yanni dressed up for a Halloween party.
Yanni vaskede op i hånden.	Yanni was washing the dishes by hand.
Yanni hørte en stemme så klar som dagen i hans hoved, der sagde, at han ikke skulle tage dertil.	Yanni heard a voice as clear as day in his head telling him not to go there.
Yanni kom i seng med sin kone.	Yanni got in bed with his wife.
Yanni var alene hjemme den aften.	Yanni was home by himself that evening.
Yanni ledte efter kilden til lugten.	Yanni was looking for the source of the smell.
Lyset begyndte at flimre.	The light started flickering.
Jeg gav Tom et tip.	I gave Tom a tip.
Yanni begyndte at savne Algier.	Yanni began to miss Algiers.
Yanni hørte latter bag hegnet.	Yanni heard laughter from behind the fence.
Yanni stirrede på Skura gennem hullet.	Yanni was staring at Skura through the hole.
Yannis far lavede en scene.	Yanni's dad made a scene.
Når brystet er for komprimeret, kan man have svært ved at trække vejret.	When the chest is too compressed, one can have a hard time breathing.
Yanni har en lillebror.	Yanni has an infant brother.
Yanni flyttede over og gav plads til Skura.	Yanni moved over, making room for Skura.
Yanni slugte næsten sandwichen hel.	Yanni practically swallowed the sandwich whole.
Jeg kan ikke lide at læse.	I don't like reading.
Jeg spekulerer på, om mit kreditkort bliver fundet.	I wonder if my credit card will be found.
Yanni gik ud fra, at Skura gik ind igen.	Yanni assumed Skura went back inside.
Yanni er ikke i stand til at sove gennem larmen.	Yanni is not able to sleep through the noise.
Yanni skruede ned for musikken.	Yanni turned the music down.
Yanni undrede sig over, hvad Skura lavede ude så sent.	Yanni wondered what Skura was doing out so late.
Yanni dukkede op fra træerne.	Yanni emerged from the trees.
Yanni faldt hurtigt i søvn.	Yanni fell asleep quickly.
Yanni løb op ad trappen og tog to ad gangen.	Yanni ran up the stairs, taking two at a time.
Forhørslederne råbte spørgsmål til Yanni.	The interrogators were yelling questions at Yanni.
Hvilken fejl lavede jeg?	What mistake did I make?
Yannis skib har ligget i tørdok i fire måneder.	Yanni's ship has been in dry dock for four months.
Yanni var på vagt den aften.	Yanni was on duty that night.
Denne musik løfter mit humør.	This music lifts my spirits up.
Yanni begyndte at døse.	Yanni started to doze off.
Yanni kunne høre sit eget hjerte banke.	Yanni could hear his own heart beat.
Yanni rystede skuffet på hovedet.	Yanni shook his head in disappointment.
Jeg gav Tom penge.	I gave Tom money.
Tom er analfabet, er han ikke?	Tom's illiterate, isn't he?
Jeg kan ikke lide mandage.	I don't like Mondays.
Lotusen er en vandplante med meget store blade og blomster.	The lotus is an aquatic plant with very large leaves and flowers.
Jeg bragte Tom nogle gaver.	I brought Tom some gifts.
Jeg har ikke tænkt mig at gå.	I don't intend to go.
Jeg hyrede Tom tilbage.	I hired Tom back.
Jeg behøver ikke arbejde.	I don't have to work.
Der er lidt over ti tusinde sætninger i Elefen på Tatoeba.	There are just over ten thousand phrases in Elefen on Tatoeba.
Jeg boede sammen med Tom.	I lived with Tom.
Yaniis hund hadede ovenpå.	Yanii's dog hated the upstairs.
Spøgelset forsvandt ud i ingenting.	The ghost disappeared into nothing.
Skura bør bære kabylske nederdele.	Skura should wear Kabyle skirts.
Jeg behøver ikke at vide det.	I don't have to know.
Yanni hørte en summende lyd.	Yanni heard a buzzing noise.
Yanni gik supertræt på arbejde med poser under øjnene.	Yanni went to work super tired with bags under his eyes.
Yanni stak hjulene på Skuras bil.	Yanni stabbed the wheels of Skura's car.
Jeg kan dræbe Tom.	I might kill Tom.
Yanni gik ind i skoven.	Yanni entered the forest.
Busserne holder op med at cirkulere længe før midnat.	The buses stop circulating long before midnight.
Yanni gik forbi den uhyggelige skov.	Yanni passed by the creepy forest.
Yanni gik forbi sin mellemskole.	Yanni passed by his middle school.
Jeg behøver ikke hjælpe.	I don't have to help.
Jeg sagde op i mandags.	I quit on Monday.
"Hvilket sprog taler du mest?"	"What language do you speak the most?"
"Berber."	"Berber."
Yannis forældre talte kun berbisk til ham.	Yanni's parents only spoke Berber to him.
Yanni taler meget godt berberisk.	Yanni speaks very good Berber.
Separatisterne er meget slemme og racistiske.	The separatists are very mean and racist.
Separatisternes racisme er skør.	The racism of the separatists is crazy.
Jeg drikker slet ikke.	I don't drink at all.
Han er meget dygtig.	He's very capable.
Han er meget kompetent.	He's very competent.
Han er meget dygtig.	He's very skillful.
Tom er meget dygtig.	Tom is very skilled.
Tom er meget dygtig.	Tom is very skillful.
Han er dygtig.	He's capable.
Han er dygtig.	He's skilled.
Han er dygtig.	He's skillful.
Du er dygtig.	You're skilled.
Du er kompetent.	You're competent.
Jeg sagde hej til Tom.	I said hi to Tom.
Tom er dygtig.	Tom is skilled.
Tom er dygtig.	Tom's skilled.
Er jeg kompetent?	Am I competent?
Er jeg dygtig?	Am I skillful?
Jeg kan ikke betale min gæld.	I can't pay my debts.
Jeg råbte til Tom.	I shouted at Tom.
Politiet opsatte en vejspærring.	The police set up a roadblock.
Bjerget er populært blandt vandrere, mountainbikeryttere og snesportsentusiaster.	The mountain is popular with hikers, mountain bike riders and snow sports enthusiasts.
Den officielle start på skisæsonen i New South Wales er blevet forsinket til den 22. juni.	The official start of the ski season in New South Wales has been delayed until June 22.
Vejrforskere sagde, at maj 2020 var den varmeste måned nogensinde i verden.	Weather scientists said May 2020 was the warmest month on record worldwide.
Otte strukturer blev fejet i havet af et jordskred nær den norske arktiske by Alta.	Eight structures were swept into the sea by a landslide near the Norwegian Arctic town of Alta.
En lokal beboer fangede begivenheden på video.	A local resident captured the event on video.
Han løb for livet, da han indså, hvad der foregik.	He ran for his life when he realized what was happening.
Tom løb for livet, da han indså, hvad der skete.	Tom ran for his life when he realized what was happening.
Der blev ikke rapporteret om skader.	No injuries were reported.
En hund, der blev skyllet i havet, kunne svømme tilbage til land.	A dog that was washed into the sea was able to swim back to land.
Du generer de andre.	You're bothering the others.
Verdens Meteorologiske Organisation advarede om, at klimaændringer vil have stor indflydelse på biodiversitet og natur samt på menneskers socioøkonomiske udvikling og velvære.	The World Meteorological Organization warned that climate change will have a major impact on biodiversity and nature as well as on people’s socioeconomic development and well-being.
Jeg vil kæmpe for det her.	I'll fight for this.
De højeste temperaturer over gennemsnittet blev registreret over dele af Sibirien, hvor de var op til 10 grader Celsius over gennemsnittet.	The most above average temperatures were recorded over parts of Siberia where they were up to 10 degrees Celsius above average.
Det er helt enormt.	That is absolutely huge.
Det er betagende.	It is breathtaking.
Det slog rekorder.	It shattered records.
Temperaturrekorder blev knust i Alaska og Antarktis.	Temperature records were shattered in Alaska and Antarctica.
WMO rapporterede, at mere end 90 % af den overskydende energi fra øgede koncentrationer af drivhusgasser går i havet.	The WMO reported more than 90% of the excess energy from increased concentrations of greenhouse gases goes into the ocean.
Havvarmen er på rekordhøje niveauer, og havniveaustigningerne fortsætter med uformindsket styrke.	Ocean heat is at record levels and sea level increases continue unabated.
Forskere ser deoxygenering sammen med havopvarmning og forsuring som en stor trussel mod havets økosystemer og velfærden for mennesker, der er afhængige af livet i havet.	Scientists see deoxygenation alongside ocean warming and acidification as a major threat to ocean ecosystems and the well-being of people who depend on marine life.
Udslippet er blevet inddæmmet.	The spill has been contained.
Olieudslippet er blevet inddæmmet.	The oil spill has been contained.
Cristobal gik onsdag i land på Mexicos Yucatan-halvø.	Cristobal made landfall Wednesday on Mexico's Yucatan Peninsula.
Præsident Donald Trump rullede fredag ​​tilbage beskyttelsen af ​​et havbevaringsområde ud for New Englands kyst.	President Donald Trump rolled back protections Friday at a marine conservation area off the New England coast.
Præsident Trump underskrev en ordre om at tillade kommercielt fiskeri i en strækning, der er kritisk for truede sandhvaler og andet skrøbeligt havliv.	President Trump signed an order to allow commercial fishing in a stretch of water critical for endangered right whales and other fragile marine life.
Northeast Canyons and Seamounts Marine National Monument ud for New Englands kyst, skabt af tidligere præsident Barack Obama, var det første nationale marinemonument i Atlanterhavet.	The Northeast Canyons and Seamounts Marine National Monument off the New England coast, created by former President Barack Obama, was the first national marine monument in the Atlantic Ocean.
Bevaringsområdet omfatter 5.000 kvadrat miles (8.000 kvadratkilometer) øst for Cape Cod.	The conservation area comprises 5,000 square miles (8,000 square kilometers) east of Cape Cod.
Bevaringsområdet indeholder sårbare arter som skrøbelige dybhavskoraller og truede sandhvaler, som kun tæller omkring 400.	The conservation area contains vulnerable species such as fragile deep sea corals and endangered right whales, which number only about 400.
Hvalerne er modtagelige for skibsstrejker og sammenfiltringer i fiskeredskaber.	The whales are susceptible to ship strikes and entanglements in fishing gear.
Miljøgrupper lovede at skubbe tilbage mod præsidentens handlinger.	Environmental groups vowed to push back against the president's actions.
Tilbagetrækning af beskyttelsen af ​​det marine monument "er en del af Trump-administrationens fortsatte angreb på miljøbeskyttelse," sagde Elizabeth Turnbull Henry, præsident for Environmental League of Massachusetts.	Rolling back protections for the marine monument "is part of the Trump administration's continued assault on environmental protections," said Elizabeth Turnbull Henry, president of the Environmental League of Massachusetts.
Antiquities Act af 1906 lader præsidenter etablere nationale monumenter, men giver dem ikke magt til at fortryde en sådan betegnelse.	The Antiquities Act of 1906 lets presidents establish national monuments but doesn't give them power to undo such a designation.
Tom er en birder.	Tom is a birder.
Tom er fuglekigger.	Tom is a birdwatcher.
"Den sorte oplevelse er ikke kun traumer," sagde James.	"The black experience is not just one of trauma," James said.
"Det er en af ​​stolthed, styrke og glæde."	"It's one of pride, strength and joy."
James er en del af en gruppe afroamerikanere, der arbejder inden for videnskab, teknologi, teknik og matematik, som sætter Black Birders Week sammen.	James is part of a group of African Americans working in science, technology, engineering and mathematics who put Black Birders Week together.
Tweets fra søde fugle og smukke landskaber kan være en lettelse fra raseriet på sociale medier.	The tweets of cute birds and pretty scenery can be a relief from the rage on social media.
Hun blev forelsket i feltarbejde med at studere firben i Chiricahua-bjergene i Arizona.	She fell in love with fieldwork studying lizards in the Chiricahua Mountains of Arizona.
"Det var dengang, jeg tænkte: 'Åh, det er fantastisk'," sagde hun.	"That's when I was like, 'Oh, this is awesome,'" she said.
Hendes kærlighed til firben og friluftslivet har holdt ved.	Her love of lizards and the outdoors has persisted.
Hver onsdag deler hun firbenfakta og billeder på sin Twitter-konto.	Each Wednesday, she shares lizard facts and photos on her Twitter account.
Hvad hvis vi ses sammen?	What if we're seen together?
Det vil jeg kæmpe for.	I'll fight for that.
Jeg stoler også på Tom.	I trust Tom, too.
Jeg havde et slips på.	I was wearing a tie.
Jeg synes, jeg gjorde rigtigt.	I think I did right.
Vask vinduet.	Wash the window.
Jeg har allerede underskrevet alle dokumenterne.	I've already signed all the documents.
Jeg vil bruge den nye hammer, du gav mig.	I'm going to use the new hammer that you gave me.
Jeg har endnu ikke brugt den nye hammer, du gav mig.	I haven't yet used the new hammer you gave me.
Jeg har endnu ikke brugt den nye hammer, som du gav mig.	I haven't yet used the new hammer that you gave me.
Jeg var fattig.	I was poor.
Hun var seriøs.	She was being serious.
Jeg var fattig dengang.	I was poor back then.
Hvor kan jeg studere polsk?	Where can I study Polish?
Mange mennesker kan lide denne sang.	A lot of people like this song.
Vi skal til Vietnam.	We're going to visit Vietnam.
Vi besøger Vietnam.	We'll visit Vietnam.
Hvad er hovedstaden i Skotland?	What's the capital of Scotland?
Kys mig, sir.	Kiss me, Sir.
Det er ikke en hest; det er et æsel.	That's not a horse; it's a donkey.
Det er ikke et særlig godt eksempel.	That's not a very good example.
Hvad vil de sige?	What will they say?
Hvad vil de sige?	What are they going to say?
Hvad vil han sige?	What will he say?
Hvad vil han sige?	What's he going to say?
Kom venligst et sikkert sted.	Please get somewhere safe.
Min bedstefar samler på bøger.	My grandfather collects books.
Hvad vil hun sige?	What'll she say?
Hvad vil hun sige?	What's she going to say?
Hvad vil han sige?	What'll he say?
Hvad vil de sige?	What'll they say?
Hvad vil hun sige?	What will she say?
I dag er en meget vigtig dag for os.	Today is a very important day for us.
I dag er en meget vigtig dag for os.	Today's a very important day for us.
Hvorfor er du så svær, sir?	Why are you so difficult, Sir?
Har du været i England?	Have you been to England?
Handlingerne stemte overens med ordene.	The acts agreed with the words.
Huset er hendes.	The house is hers.
Han skal besøge sin bedstemor på lørdag.	He's going to visit his grandmother on Saturday.
Jeg skrev Tom tilbage.	I wrote Tom back.
Jeg vil prøve at finde det passende svar.	I will try to find the appropriate answer.
Dette barn er forældreløst.	This child is an orphan.
Han er høflig over for mig.	He is polite to me.
Skal vi drikke?	Shall we drink?
Der vokser æbletræer i haven.	Apple trees are growing in the garden.
Min tante er ved at plante tomaterne i haven.	My aunt is planting the tomatoes in the garden.
Hans klager er uendelige.	His complaints are endless.
Han passerede uden at hilse på os.	He passed without greeting us.
Afbryd os ikke, når vi taler.	Do not interrupt us when we speak.
Jeg havde brug for tre timer til at skrive dette brev.	I needed three hours to write this letter.
Ingen kunne forudsige dette.	No one could predict this.
Busstoppestedet ligger ved siden af ​​hotellet.	The bus stop is next to the hotel.
Lykke er at elske.	Happiness is to love.
Det var godt for en begynder.	It was good for a beginner.
Hvor ofte udkommer denne avis?	How often does this newspaper come out?
Vi, franskmændene, elsker virkelig vin.	We, the French, really love wine.
Læg pistolen på bordet.	Put the pistol on the table.
Men hvad laver du i weekenden?	But what are you doing this weekend?
Det du laver, driver mig til vanvid.	What you're doing is driving me crazy.
Vi har arbejdet nok for i dag.	We've worked enough for today.
Lad os spise!	Let's eat!
Du har ret til at være glad.	You have the right to be happy.
Tag denne medicin, når du har det dårligt.	Take this medicine when you feel bad.
Det håber jeg inderligt.	I sincerely hope so.
Hvor er den nærmeste butik?	Where is the closest store?
I dag var en meget svær dag.	Today was a very difficult day.
Når du er sulten, kan du spise endda sten.	When you're hungry, you can eat even stones.
Thomas skærer træ.	Thomas is cutting wood.
Jeg tager til Frankrig på ferie.	I will go to France on holiday.
Ja, lad os gå!	Yes, let's go!
Jeg kan ikke afslutte denne oversættelse i dag.	I can't finish this translation today.
Jeg gemmer den til i morgen.	I will save it for tomorrow.
Børnene kommer hjem fra skole.	The children are coming home from school.
Find bøgerne.	Find the books.
Min hund kender Tom.	My dog knows Tom.
Du er en foragtelig person.	You're a despicable person.
Han afsluttede den anden eksamen.	He finished the second exam.
Vi bor altid på dette hotel.	We always stay in this hotel.
Jeg kan godt lide denne statue.	I like this statue.
En kvindes hjerte ser mere end ti mænds øjne.	A woman's heart sees more than the eyes of ten men.
Jeg læste det i en bog.	I read it in a book.
Vi elsker alle Tom.	We all adore Tom.
Vi gider ikke læse bogen.	We don't want to read the book.
Hans kone taler i søvne.	His wife talks in her sleep.
Hans mand taler i søvne.	His husband talks in his sleep.
Jeg tog beslutningen.	I made the decision.
Vi kastede op.	We vomited.
Lad os hjælpe ham!	Let's help him!
Jeg vidste, at vi skulle stoppe.	I knew we must stop.
Jeg skulle bare gøre det.	I just had to do it.
Jeg har lige kysset Tom.	I just kissed Tom.
Jeg fik det lige rettet.	I just had it fixed.
Jeg slog Tom ud.	I knocked Tom out.
Jeg vil gerne bygge mit eget hus.	I'd like to build my own house.
Jeg vil ikke løbe.	I don't want to run.
Jeg efterlod Tom en gave.	I left Tom a gift.
Jeg plejer ikke at vinde.	I don't usually win.
Jeg lod Tom komme ind.	I let Tom come in.
Jeg studerer ikke meget.	I don't study a lot.
Jeg ryger ikke græs.	I don't smoke grass.
Jeg burde ringe til Tom.	I should call Tom.
Jeg bor ikke i nærheden.	I don't live nearby.
Jeg snusede efter Tom.	I snitched on Tom.
Jeg kan ikke lide yoghurt.	I don't like yogurt.
Jeg kan ikke lide sport.	I don't like sports.
Jeg kan ikke lide min hund.	I don't like my dog.
Hvad læser de?	What do they read?
Jeg kan ikke lide smør.	I don't like butter.
Der er mange biblioteker i Paris.	There are a lot of libraries in Paris.
Gartneren plantede en rose midt i haven.	The gardener planted a rose in the middle of the garden.
Gartneren plantede en rose i midten af ​​haven.	The gardener planted a rose in the centre of the garden.
Gartneren plantede en rose midt i haven.	The gardener was planting a rose in the middle of the garden.
Gartneren plantede en rose i midten af ​​haven.	The gardener was planting a rose in the centre of the garden.
Ville et par sandwich til morgenmad være det rigtige for dig?	Would a couple of sandwiches for breakfast be all right for you?
Hun læser inden hun skal sove.	She reads before going to sleep.
Dusinvis af breve venter på dig.	Dozens of letters are waiting for you.
Der er snesevis af breve, der venter på dig.	There are dozens of letters waiting for you.
Filmen var efter hans mening langhåret.	The film was long-winded, in his opinion.
Han hævdede det modsatte.	He claimed the opposite.
Han påstod det modsatte.	He was claiming the opposite.
Hun så ud til at holde tårerne tilbage.	She seemed to be holding back tears.
Vil du have et lift?	Do you want a lift?
Vil du have et lift?	Would you like a lift?
Hun havde al mulig grund til at blive skilt.	She had every reason to get a divorce.
Hun fører dagbog på engelsk.	She keeps a diary in English.
De hyggede sig med at spille videospil.	They were having fun playing video games.
De havde det sjovt med at spille videospil.	They had fun playing video games.
De hyggede sig med at spille computerspil.	They were having fun playing computer games.
De havde det sjovt med at spille computerspil.	They had fun playing computer games.
Telefon til dig, Mike.	Telephone for you, Mike.
Det er Jane.	It's Jane.
Mike, det er til dig.	Mike, it's for you.
Det er Jane.	It's Jane.
Mike, det er Jane i telefonen til dig.	Mike, it's Jane on the phone for you.
Han lå syg i sengen i denne uge.	He was ill in bed this week.
Hunden er hjemme.	The dog's at home.
Hun lavede firs pres-ups.	She did eighty press-ups.
Når de mødes, skændes de – uden undtagelse.	Whenever they meet they argue – without exception.
Han var fortabt i tanker, hans hånd presset mod hans pande.	He was lost in thought, his hand pressed to his forehead.
Ingen af ​​dem deltog i mødet.	None of them took part in the meeting.
Det var frygteligt vejr.	It was terrible weather.
Dette problem virker simpelt ved første øjekast, men faktisk er det ret kompliceret.	This problem seems simple at first glance, but actually it's fairly complicated.
Han tænkte på, hvor hurtigt tiden går.	He was thinking about how quickly time passes.
Hun krøb sammen.	She crouched down.
Han spiste et stykke af kagen.	He ate a piece of the cake.
Hvis det bare var så enkelt.	If only it was that simple.
Kan du lide den sofa?	Do you like that sofa?
Jeg spiser ikke appelsiner.	I don't eat oranges.
Det er et multifunktionelt instrument.	It's a multipurpose instrument.
Disse rapporter stemmer ikke overens med fakta.	These reports don't tally with the facts.
Låget skal lukkes.	The lido is to be closed.
Han spiller på seniorholdet.	He plays in the senior team.
Han mistede sin faste plads på holdet.	He lost his regular place in the team.
Han har mistet sin faste plads på holdet.	He has lost his regular place in the team.
Hjemmeholdet snuppede udligningen i begyndelsen af ​​anden halvleg.	The home team grabbed the equaliser at the beginning of the second half.
Det lykkedes hjemmeholdet at score udligningen i begyndelsen af ​​anden halvleg.	The home team managed to score the equaliser at the beginning of the second half.
Han blev skiftet ud kort før slutningen af ​​anden halvleg.	He was substituted shortly before the end of the second half.
Dommeren gjorde sig lige så upopulær blandt fansene fra begge hold.	The referee made himself equally unpopular with the fans of both teams.
Dommeren gjorde sig lige så upopulær blandt begge fans.	The referee made himself equally unpopular with both sets of fans.
Dommeren gjorde sig selv lige upopulær blandt begge fans.	The referee was making himself equally unpopular with both sets of fans.
Dommeren gjorde sig lige så upopulær blandt begge fans.	The referee was making himself just as unpopular with both sets of fans.
Selv stadionomtaleren kunne ikke piske stemningen op.	Even the stadium announcer couldn't whip up the atmosphere.
Manageren blev sendt på tribunen.	The manager was sent to the stands.
Træneren blev sendt på tribunen.	The coach was sent to the stands.
Mary Hansen var en australsk musiker og medlem af gruppen Stereolab.	Mary Hansen was an Australian musician and member of the group Stereolab.
Jeg kender Toms forældre.	I know Tom's parents.
Da han lugtede duften, som vækkede så mange minder i ham, blev han overvældet af en længsel efter hjem.	Smelling the fragrance, which awoke in him so many memories, he was overcome by a longing for home.
Jeg opkræver ikke meget.	I don't charge much.
Hun havde ikke den fjerneste anelse.	She didn't have the faintest idea.
Hun havde ikke den mindste anelse.	She didn't have the slightest inkling.
Hun havde ikke den mindste anelse.	She didn't have the slightest clue.
Han kiggede over teksten, men overså fejlen.	He looked over the text, but overlooked the error.
Uh, dit vaffeljern er helt beskidt!	Ugh, your waffle iron's all dirty!
Åh, dit vaffeljern er beskidt!	Ugh, your waffle iron is filthy!
En gepard i en fart kan nå en hastighed på 120 km/t.	A cheetah in a hurry can reach a speed of 120 kph.
Skriver du ofte til dine forældre?	Do you often write to your parents?
Jack stod tidligt op.	Jack got up early.
Hvem er skælven, der knuste vinduet?	Who's the scally who broke the window?
Hvem er svindleren, der knuste vinduet?	Who's the scamp who broke the window?
Fabriksgrunden er 1000 kvadratmeter stor.	The factory site is 1000 square metres big.
Jeg brugte Toms økse.	I used Tom's hatchet.
En meter er hundrede centimeter.	A metre is a hundred centimetres.
Han er hjemme i Frankrig.	He's at home in France.
En brombærplukker plukker 25 spande om dagen.	A blackberry picker picks 25 buckets a day.
Tilsæt revne gulerødder og ost i tern.	Add the grated carrots and diced cheese.
Skær porren i skiver og vask den under en rindende vandhane.	Slice the leek and wash it under a running tap.
Skær porren i skiver og vask den under rindende vand.	Slice the leek and wash it under running water.
Tilsæt derefter de finthakkede æbler.	Then add the finely-chopped apples.
Det spolerede hans appetit.	It spoilt his appetite.
Det har ødelagt hans appetit.	It's spoilt his appetite.
Risene skal suge al væsken.	The rice should absorb all the liquid.
Pil og hak skalotteløgene.	Peel and chop the shallots.
Fjern kernerne og stilken.	Remove the pips and stem.
Tilsæt den naturlige yoghurt og sojamælk.	Add the natural yoghurt and soya milk.
Skræl gulerødderne og skær dem i strimler.	Peel the carrots and slice them into strips.
Lad kagen køle af inden servering.	Let the cake cool down before serving.
Vask auberginerne og top og hale dem.	Wash the aubergines and top and tail them.
Vask auberginerne og fjern deres ender.	Wash the aubergines and remove their ends.
Han er nødt til at undskylde over for hende.	He's got to apologise to her.
Han må undskylde over for hende.	He has to apologise to her.
Han må undskylde til hende.	He must apologise to her.
Masaru blev gift i dag.	Masaru got married today.
Skam der ikke er figenkiks i spisesalen.	Pity there's no fig biscuits in the refectory.
Ti tusinde plus fem tusinde fem hundrede gør femten tusinde fem hundrede.	Ten thousand plus five thousand five hundred makes fifteen thousand five hundred.
Jeg er alligevel ligeglad.	I don't care anyway.
Hunden snusede til en fisk, der lå på landingspladsen, og blev skræmt, da den pludselig begyndte at tæske rundt, og faldt i vandet.	The dog sniffed at a fish lying on the landing stage and, taking fright when it suddenly began to thrash about, fell into the water.
Tom, hundens ejer, gik ind på et plejehjem: Bello, hunden, ind i kenneler.	Tom, the dog's owner, went into a care home: Bello, the dog, into kennels.
Bogen sælger godt.	The book is selling well.
Mælk holder sig ikke længe i varmt vejr.	Milk doesn't keep long in warm weather.
Kælderen er oversvømmet.	The cellar is flooded.
Ansøgningen blev afvist.	The application was rejected.
Vil du ikke have frisk luft?	Don't you want to get some fresh air?
Hvis dækmønsterets dybde er for lav, øges sandsynligheden for akvaplaning.	If the depth of the tyre tread is too shallow, the probability of aquaplaning increases.
Marcus forlod lokalet uden at sige et ord.	Marcus left the room without saying a word.
De undgik at stå for tæt på hinanden.	They avoided standing too close to each other.
De undgik at stå for tæt på hinanden.	They were avoiding standing too close to each other.
Jeg har læst Toms testamente.	I've read Tom's will.
Han er en afslappet fyr – har altid begge fødder på jorden.	He's an easy-going bloke – always has both feet on the ground.
Resultatet var en skuffelse.	The result was a disappointment.
Vinden blæste så kraftigt, at ruderne raslede.	The wind blew so hard that the windowpanes rattled.
Vinden blæste så hårdt, at det raslede med ruderne.	The wind was blowing so hard that it rattled the windowpanes.
Vinden blæste så hårdt, at ruderne raslede.	The wind was blowing so hard that the windowpanes were rattling.
Det er meget hyggeligt i parken, når vejret er godt.	It's very nice in the park when the weather's good.
Det regnede med katte og hunde.	It was raining cats and dogs.
Det lagde på med regn.	It was sheeting with rain.
Han lod en gammel dame gå foran sig i køen.	He let an old lady go ahead of him in the queue.
Hun studerede i udlandet for at opfriske sit engelsk.	She studied abroad to brush up her English.
Hun studerede i udlandet for at opfriske sit engelsk.	She was studying abroad to brush up her English.
Felicja kan lide at se fjernsyn.	Felicja likes watching television.
Felicja kan lide at se fjernsyn.	Felicja likes watching telly.
Felicity kan lide at se fjernsyn.	Felicity likes watching telly.
Han lænede sig tilbage i lænestolen og læste en bog.	He leant back in the armchair and read a book.
Han lænede sig tilbage i lænestolen og læste en bog.	He leant back in the armchair, reading a book.
Han lænede sig tilbage i lænestolen og læste en bog.	He was leaning back in the armchair, reading a book.
Aftenen var dyster.	The evening was gloomy.
Aftenen var mørk.	The evening was dark.
Aftenen var grumset.	The evening was murky.
Det var en trist aften.	It was a dreary evening.
Jeg er ikke slemt såret.	I'm not hurt badly.
Han etablerede sig hurtigt som en af ​​de mest læste forfattere i landet.	He quickly established himself as one of the most widely read authors in the country.
Universitetets hovedbygning er tegnet af en ung dansk arkitekt.	The university's main building was designed by a young Danish architect.
Forårsnætterne er korte.	Spring nights are short.
Nætter om foråret er korte.	Nights in springtime are short.
Spillet fik mange mennesker begejstrede.	The game got a lot of people excited.
Han har mistet interessen.	He has lost interest.
Han mistede interessen.	He lost interest.
Det er meget prisværdigt.	It's very laudable.
Det er virkelig meget prisværdigt.	It's really very commendable.
Det er meget prisværdigt.	That's very praiseworthy.
Han bliver let fornærmet.	He is easily offended.
Alt smager godt, når man er sulten.	Everything tastes good when you're hungry.
Det var ikke værd at nævne.	It wasn't worth mentioning.
Det, der var begyndt som en tør diskussion, udviklede sig hurtigt og uventet til et fuldt ud skænderi.	What had begun as a dry discussion quickly and unexpectedly developed into a full-blown argument.
Han bankede på døren og ventede.	He knocked on the door and waited.
Marcus er en ganske normal fyr.	Marcus is quite a normal fella.
Marcus er en ganske normal fyr.	Marcus is a fairly normal bloke.
Den gamle mand tog sin lommedagbog frem og bladrede i siderne.	The old man took out his pocket diary and leafed through its pages.
Torden buldrer, og det øser af regn.	The thunder is rumbling, and it is pouring with rain.
Torden buldrer, og den pisker ned.	The thunder's rumbling, and it's lashing down.
Torden buldrer, og det vrimler med regn.	The thunder's rumbling, and it's teeming with rain.
Det er ikke så mærkeligt, som det lyder.	It's not as strange as it sounds.
Det er ikke så mærkeligt, som det lyder.	It's not as weird as it sounds.
Jeg er en meget gammel mand.	I'm a very old man.
Jeg rakte ud efter min stok.	I reached for my cane.
Jeg rejste mig hurtigt op.	I quickly stood up.
Jeg ser aldrig Tom længere.	I never see Tom anymore.
Jeg elsker disse sange.	I love these songs.
Hvornår afgår toget til Prag?	When does the train for Prague leave?
Dette tog skal til Budapest.	This train is going to Budapest.
Jeg solgte Tom min gamle guitar.	I sold Tom my old guitar.
Mary bad Tom om at skrælle kartofler.	Mary asked Tom to peel potatoes.
Hvilken sporvogn kører til pladsen?	Which tram goes to the square?
Jeg elsker disse bøger.	I love these books.
Dette lyskryds virker ikke.	This traffic light isn't working.
Kraftig vind begyndte at blæse om morgenen.	Strong wind started to blow in the morning.
Vi fandt ud af, at alle allerede havde sovet.	We found out that everybody had already slept.
Bygningen har tolv etager.	The building has twelve floors.
Læreren går ind i klasseværelset.	The teacher is entering the classroom.
Eleverne forlader klasseværelset.	Students are leaving the classroom.
Jeg gav Tom en masse penge.	I gave Tom a lot of money.
Nogle mennesker stod, andre sad.	Some people were standing, others were sitting.
Jeg har pakken.	I have the package.
Jeg kendte Toms bedsteforældre.	I knew Tom's grandparents.
Jeg går ikke i jakkesæt.	I don't wear suits.
Jeg betalte Toms husleje for ham.	I paid Tom's rent for him.
Jeg vil ikke have en bil.	I don't want a car.
Stærk vind begyndte at blæse om morgenen.	Strong wind started blowing in the morning.
Sporvognen var overfyldt, så jeg besluttede at gå.	The tram was crowded, so I decided to walk.
Sporvognen var overfyldt, så jeg besluttede at gå til fods.	The tram was crowded, so I decided to go on foot.
Jeg taler ikke meget.	I don't talk a lot.
Æg ikke buddingen for meget, Tom.	Don't over-egg the pudding, Tom.
Jeg datede Tom dengang.	I was dating Tom back then.
Tom overvejer at gå i strejke.	Tom is considering going on strike.
Fortæl mig venligst, hvornår frokosten er klar.	Tell me please when lunch is ready.
Jeg studerer ikke meget.	I don't study much.
Jeg kan gætte meningen med nogle sætninger.	I can guess the meaning of some sentences.
Blomsterne er gule.	The flowers are yellow.
Det benægter jeg.	I deny that.
Jeg skrev tilbage til Tom for at lade ham vide, at jeg ville være der.	I wrote Tom back to let him know that I'd be there.
Jeg har et tv.	I have a TV.
Hvor skal vi sidde?	Where will we sit?
Æblet er bittert.	The apple is bitter.
Jeg så Toms seddel, som han efterlod på køkkenbordet.	I saw Tom's note that he left on the kitchen table.
Hvis jeg var yngre, ville jeg begynde at bygge mit eget hus.	If I were younger, I would start to build my own house.
Jeg har børn.	I have kids.
Det vil give bagslag på dig.	It will backfire on you.
Tom har været adskilt fra Mary i tre måneder.	Tom has been separated from Mary for three months.
Jeg har flere.	I have more.
Det ville jeg ikke have gjort uden deres samtykke.	I wouldn't have done that without their consent.
Jeg så Tom ryge bag skolebygningen.	I saw Tom smoking behind the school building.
Jeg kan godt lide børn.	I like kids.
Jeg ville ikke have, at Tom skulle vide, at jeg havde set ham.	I didn't want Tom to know that I'd seen him.
Jeg kan godt lide okra.	I like okra.
Tror du, at Tom ville være med?	Do you think that Tom would want to join us?
Jeg kan godt lide svinekød.	I like pork.
Jeg friede til Mary, men hun afviste mig.	I proposed to Mary, but she turned me down.
Vi er børnenes lærere, men vi har meget at lære af dem.	We are the children's teachers, but we have a lot to learn from them.
Jeg kan godt lide regn.	I like rain.
Jeg har prøvet at nå Tom hele morgenen.	I've been trying to reach Tom all morning.
Jeg spiller golf.	I play golf.
Jeg har været Toms nabo i tre år.	I've been Tom's neighbor for three years.
Jeg vil have hjælp.	I want help.
Jeg blev forelsket i det franske sprog.	I fell in love with the French language.
Jeg fandt Toms bil forladt i skoven.	I found Tom's car abandoned in the woods.
Jeg er håbefuld.	I'm hopeful.
Jeg tror, ​​at Tom gerne vil vide hvorfor.	I think that Tom would want to know why.
Jeg tøver ikke.	I don't cuss.
Jeg har aldrig kysset Tom, men jeg vil gerne.	I've never kissed Tom, but I'd like to.
Jeg føler mig vred.	I feel angry.
Jeg ville ikke have, at Tom skulle vide, at jeg havde set ham.	I didn't want Tom to know I'd seen him.
Jeg har brug for en pistol.	I need a gun.
Vi underviser børn, men vi skal også lære af dem.	We teach children, but we also have to learn from them.
Har Tom penge nok til at købe det?	Does Tom have enough money to buy that?
Jeg har brug for et slips.	I need a tie.
Min sætning er original.	My sentence is original.
Tror du, Tom vil være med?	Do you think Tom would want to join us?
Der er ingen ord til at beskrive dette sted.	There are no words to describe this place.
Jeg har brug for disse.	I need these.
Jeg lagde mærke til, at Toms sko var beskidte.	I noticed that Tom's shoes were dirty.
Ingen grund til at ringe til hende nu.	No need to call her now.
Jeg går ind.	I'm going in.
Du er en god mand, Tom.	You're a good man, Tom.
Jeg vil gerne vide det i dag.	I'd like to know today.
Jeg vil gerne vide det i dag.	I would like to know today.
Mary har endnu ikke fortalt Tom, hvad han burde gøre.	Mary hasn't yet told Tom what he ought to do.
Jeg forventede, at hun ville komme og besøge os i eftermiddag.	I expected her to come and visit us this afternoon.
Jeg er vild med germanske sprog.	I'm crazy about Germanic languages.
Egypten kaldes ofte "Nilens gave".	Egypt is often called the "Gift of the Nile".
Jeg er en meget gammel mand.	I am a very old man.
Jeg har været her i over tre timer.	I've been here for over three hours.
Jeg bander ikke.	I don't curse.
De får ikke brug for penge.	They won't need money.
Det var ret koldt om morgenen.	It was rather cold in the morning.
Jeg har ringet til Tom hver aften.	I've been calling Tom every evening.
Vi har ikke brug for endnu et supermarked i vores by.	We don't need another supermarket in our town.
Jeg farver mit hår.	I dye my hair.
Næste måned vil det være et år, hvor jeg har været kærester med hende.	Next month it will be a year that I have been dating her.
Jeg er ligeglad med, hvem der vinder.	I don't care who will win.
Jeg gik hen til Tom og gav ham hånden.	I went up to Tom and shook his hand.
Når jeg dør, er der ingen, der husker mig, så jeg prøver at sætte et mærke i folks hjerter, mens jeg stadig er i live.	When I die, no one will remember me, so I try to leave a mark on people's hearts while I'm still alive.
Jeg bliver nervøs.	I get nervous.
Jeg sendte Tom linket til din hjemmeside.	I sent Tom the link to your website.
En familie tog en tur til bjergene.	A family took a trip to the mountains.
Jeg har en liste.	I have a list.
En ceremoni for at ære ofringen af ​​dem, der mistede livet ved D-Day-landingen i 1944, blev afholdt på Omaha-stranden i Saint-Laurent-Sur-Mer i Frankrig lørdag.	A ceremony to honor the sacrifice of those who lost their lives in the D-Day landings in 1944 was held on Omaha Beach in Saint-Laurent-Sur-Mer in France Saturday.
Jeg har danset med Tom flere gange.	I've danced with Tom several times.
Dette er den nyeste computer.	This is the newest computer.
Lad os gå til restauranten.	Let's go to the restaurant.
Jeg kan godt lide selleri.	I like celery.
Vi købte et nyt hus for firs tusinde dollars.	We bought a new house for eighty thousand dollars.
Der er ingen problemer; der er kun løsninger.	There are no problems; there are only solutions.
Jeg har været i Boston i mange år.	I've been in Boston for many years.
Er du en rigtig cowboy?	Are you a real cowboy?
Jeg kan godt lide at flyve.	I like flying.
Jeg har været her længere end Tom har.	I've been here longer than Tom has.
Jeg har brug for en stok.	I need a cane.
Drengenes hund flygtede.	The boys' dog fled.
Jeg tror, ​​Tom ville gerne vide hvorfor.	I think Tom would want to know why.
Roserne er vores.	The roses are ours.
Jeg ejer et hus.	I own a house.
Jeg begyndte at arbejde her i mandags.	I started working here last Monday.
Jeg er virkelig ligeglad.	I really care.
Det ville jeg ikke gøre uden deres samtykke.	I wouldn't do that without their consent.
Vil Tom virkelig have mig til at gøre det?	Does Tom really want me to do that?
Jeg arbejder stadig.	I am still working.
Jeg ser røg.	I see smoke.
Han etablerede denne skole.	He established this school.
Dit venskab har aldrig været ægte.	Your friendship has never been real.
De hvide blomster har brug for vand.	The white flowers need water.
Vi deler samme opfattelse.	We share the same opinion.
Jeg har kørt i tre timer.	I've been driving for three hours.
Hendes virksomhed overlevede ikke krisen.	Her company didn't survive the crisis.
Det regner igen.	It is raining again.
Jeg ringede igen.	I called again.
Mary bad Tom om at bære en maske.	Mary asked Tom to wear a mask.
Tom nægtede at bære en maske.	Tom refused to wear a mask.
Hvad får han ud af det?	What does he get out of it?
Hvad får hun ud af det?	What does she get out of it?
Synes Tom, det er en god idé?	Does Tom think that's a good idea?
Jeg beordrede dem til at hjælpe dig med det samme.	I ordered them to help you immediately.
Det er umuligt at blive forfremmet i denne virksomhed.	Getting promoted in this company is impossible.
Vil du møde mig personligt?	Would you like to meet me in person?
Jeg kunne ikke løbe.	I couldn't run.
Jeg forventede, at du ville forråde mig.	I expected you to betray me.
Jeg forventede ikke, at du ville forråde mig.	I didn't expect you to betray me.
I Tatoeba kan du gøre din drøm til virkelighed ved at få dine sætninger oversat til flere andre sprog.	In Tatoeba, you can make your dream come true by having your sentences translated into several other languages.
Tom og jeg snakkede længe.	Tom and I talked for a long time.
Toget næsten afsporede.	The train almost derailed.
Når vi endelig kan sove, vil vi hvile.	When we can finally sleep, we will rest.
Jeg nyder at stå på ski.	I enjoy skiing.
Hvad er længden af ​​dette tog?	What is the length of this train?
Jeg fortalte dem, at jeg godt kan lide tog.	I told them that I like trains.
Vi skifter til et tog her.	We will transfer to a train here.
Hvorfor kan vi ikke komme på toget?	Why can't we get on the train?
Et tog er lige kørt forbi.	A train has just passed by.
Vi må vente til toget er kørt forbi.	We must wait until the train has passed.
Min kat faldt fra femte sal og slap uskadt.	My cat fell from the fifth floor and escaped unharmed.
Vær forsigtig, når du stiger af toget.	Be careful when getting off the train.
Jeg har hjulpet Tom i flere måneder.	I've been helping Tom for months.
Der er endnu en storm på vej.	There is another storm coming.
Hun har ingen venner i denne by.	She doesn't have friends in this town.
Jeg har en kniv.	I have a knife.
Jeg så, at Toms fødder var mudrede.	I saw that Tom's feet were muddy.
Jeg ved, hvem der vandt.	I know who won.
Jeg elsker manipulerede sprog.	I love engineered languages.
Jeg elsker filosofiske sprog.	I love philosophical languages.
Jeg elsker eksperimenterende sprog.	I love experimental languages.
Jeg elsker internationale hjælpesprog.	I love international auxiliary languages.
Jeg elsker fiktive sprog.	I love fictional languages.
Jeg elsker berbersprog.	I love Berber languages.
Jeg har talt med Tom online.	I've been talking to Tom online.
Jeg elsker chadiske sprog.	I love Chadic languages.
Jeg elsker kushitiske sprog.	I love Cushitic languages.
Jeg elsker omotiske sprog.	I love Omotic languages.
Jeg elsker afroasiatiske sprog.	I love Afroasiatic languages.
Lidiia Stepanivna underviser i hebraisk på et universitet.	Lidiia Stepanivna teaches Hebrew at a university.
Jeg elsker det egyptiske sprog.	I love the Egyptian language.
Jeg kan godt lide mit navn.	I like my name.
Jeg tror, ​​at Tom har hovedpine.	I think that Tom has a headache.
Jeg elsker kanaanæiske sprog.	I love Canaanite languages.
Jeg elsker gamle sydarabiske sprog.	I love Old South Arabian languages.
Jeg elsker moderne sydarabiske sprog.	I love Modern South Arabian languages.
Jeg elsker østsemitiske sprog.	I love East Semitic languages.
Jeg elsker etiopiske semitiske sprog.	I love Ethiopian Semitic languages.
Jeg kan godt lide popcorn.	I like popcorn.
Jeg tror, ​​jeg ved, hvordan Tom gjorde det.	I think I know how Tom did that.
Jeg kan godt lide videnskab.	I like science.
Tom har thalassæmi.	Tom has thalassemia.
Mary har thalassæmi.	Mary has thalassemia.
Jeg reddede Toms hund fra at drukne.	I saved Tom's dog from drowning.
Jeg har brug for en træner.	I need a coach.
Jeg skubbede Tom tilbage til sit værelse.	I pushed Tom back into his room.
De ville ikke slås, men de var nødt til det.	They didn't want to fight, but they had to.
Jeg skal bruge en tallerken.	I need a plate.
I den menneskelige torso er to par flydende ribben.	In the human torso are two pairs of floating ribs.
Disse ribben driver faktisk ikke frit i brystet, men i modsætning til de andre ribben er de kun fastgjort i den ene ende.	These ribs do not actually drift freely in the chest, but, unlike the other ribs, they are attached only at one end.
Har Tom en tenorsaxofon?	Does Tom have a tenor saxophone?
Jeg ejer en violin.	I own a violin.
Jeg har været her længere end Tom.	I've been here longer than Tom.
Jeg planlægger at vente.	I plan to wait.
Generelt er grise fede.	In general, pigs are fat.
Jeg er træt af Toms klager.	I'm tired of Tom's complaining.
Piger må ikke bøvse.	Girls are not allowed to burp.
Piger må ikke prutte.	Girls are not allowed to fart.
Jeg vil have en hest.	I want a horse.
Katten vil fange musen.	The cat wants to catch the mouse.
Jeg kørte Toms bil hjem til ham.	I drove Tom's car home for him.
Jeg vil stoppe.	I want to stop.
Tror Tom, at jeg kan hjælpe?	Does Tom think that I can help?
Selvom bøller konstant plager min skæve datter, ved hun, at hun er den klogeste af dem alle.	Even if bullies constantly torment my cross-eyed daughter, she knows she is the smartest of them all.
Når jeg dør, ønsker jeg ingen gråd og ingen stearinlys.	When I die, I want no crying and no candles.
Jeg kunne ikke tale.	I couldn't talk.
Kan Tom lide at bo i Boston?	Does Tom like living in Boston?
Jeg har et kamera.	I have a camera.
Jeg kan godt lide knoldselleri.	I like celeriac.
Jeg kan godt lide sellerirod.	I like celery root.
Jeg fandt Toms hund i parken.	I found Tom's dog in the park.
Jeg har et valg.	I have a choice.
Jeg har en kniv.	I have one knife.
Vil Tom have, at jeg også kommer?	Does Tom want me to come, too?
Jeg har udgangsforbud.	I have a curfew.
Fordi min nabos blodtryk er så lavt, fik han selv en recept på en vasokonstriktor.	Because my neighbour's blood pressure is so low, he got himself a prescription for a vasoconstrictor.
Vi er italienere; hvad med dig?	We're Italian; how about you?
Vi er italienere; hvad med jer?	We're Italian; what about you guys?
Musen drømmer om at fange katten.	The mouse dreams of catching the cat.
Vil Tom have noget at spise?	Does Tom want anything to eat?
Musen vil fange katten.	The mouse wants to catch the cat.
Jeg har en have.	I have a garden.
Springer Tom ofte morgenmaden over?	Does Tom often skip breakfast?
"Hvorfor vil du bestige Mount Everest?"	"Why do you want to climb Mount Everest?"
"Fordi det er der."	"Because it's there."
Jeg har tid nu.	I have time now.
Jeg gav en masse penge til Tom.	I gave a lot of money to Tom.
Jeg kan godt lide lakrids.	I like licorice.
Jeg købte blyanter og et sæt gouachemaling.	I bought pencils and a set of gouache paint.
Syntes Tom det var sjovt?	Did Tom think that was funny?
Jeg kan godt lide rå fisk.	I like raw fish.
Bliver Tom aldrig bange?	Doesn't Tom ever get scared?
Jeg kan godt lide denne hat.	I like this hat.
Sigmund Freud var en berømt australsk neurolog.	Sigmund Freud was a famous Australian neurologist.
Tager Tom ofte til Boston?	Does Tom often go to Boston?
Jeg kan godt lide at male.	I like to paint.
Dyrker Tom også græskar?	Does Tom grow pumpkins, too?
Jeg spiller obo.	I play the oboe.
Samler han på sommerfugle?	Does he collect butterflies?
Jeg har aldrig danset med Tom.	I've never danced with Tom.
Jeg er ikke opmærksom, men jødedommen er vigtig for mig.	I'm not observant, but Judaism is important to me.
Jeg er ikke shomer shabbos, men jødedommen er vigtig for mig.	I'm not shomer shabbos, but Judaism is important to me.
Et vindstød blæste af Marys hat.	A gust of wind blew off Mary's hat.
Jeg barberer mine ben.	I shave my legs.
Samler hun på sommerfugle?	Does she collect butterflies?
Jeg er blevet skudt tre gange.	I've been shot three times.
Jeg laver mad hver dag.	I cook every day.
Akkadisk er interessant.	Akkadian is interesting.
Sumerisk er interessant.	Sumerian is interesting.
Ugaritisk er interessant.	Ugaritic is interesting.
Jeg har givet Tom gaver.	I've been giving Tom gifts.
Jeg kunne ikke kæmpe.	I couldn't fight.
Jeg er ikke sammen med Tom lige nu.	I'm not with Tom right now.
Jeg kan ikke lide rom.	I don't like rum.
Dette er et symbol.	This is a symbol.
Jeg tror, ​​Tom har hovedpine.	I think Tom has a headache.
Jeg nyder at kæmpe.	I enjoy fighting.
Jeg vidste, at de var canadiere.	I knew they were Canadians.
Jeg blev meget svag.	I grew very weak.
Vil Tom også have dessert?	Does Tom want dessert, too?
Jeg har en hund nu.	I have a dog now.
Tusindvis af mennesker har fulgt med tre vandrefalkunger i toppen af ​​et tårn på University of California-Berkeley campus.	Thousands of people have kept up with the progress of three peregrine falcon chicks at the top of a tower on the University of California-Berkeley campus.
Tre vandrefalkeunger, højt oppe i dette tårn, er blevet sociale medie-darlings.	Three peregrine falcon chicks, high up in this tower, have become social media darlings.
Tusindvis af mennesker rundt om i verden så ungerne udklække.	Thousands of people around the world watched the chicks' hatching.
Fortryder Tom at gøre det?	Does Tom regret doing that?
Jeg har en hacksav.	I have a hacksaw.
Bor Tom i dette område?	Does Tom live in this area?
Jeg har en partner.	I have a partner.
En grundig eftersøgning afslørede det faktum, at der ikke var blevet taget noget andet end Claytons to revolvere og den lille forsyning af ammunition, han havde sparet ud til dem.	A thorough search revealed the fact that nothing had been taken but Clayton's two revolvers and the small supply of ammunition he had saved out for them.
Ved Tom, hvem der gjorde det?	Does Tom know who did that?
Synet, der mødte hans øjne, bekræftede hans værste frygt.	The sight which met his eyes confirmed his worst fears.
"Hvor længe har du været her, Alice?"	"How long have you been here, Alice?"
"Siden begyndelsen," svarede hun.	"Since the beginning," she replied.
Jeg har en printer.	I have a printer.
Du reddede mit liv en gang, og til gengæld vil jeg skåne dit, men det er alt, hvad jeg kan gøre.	You saved my life once, and in return I'm going to spare yours, but that's all I can do.
I de små både var der også læsset saltkød og kiks, med en lille forsyning af kartofler og bønner, tændstikker og kogekar, en kiste med redskaber og de gamle sejl, som Black Michael havde lovet dem.	Into the small boats were also loaded salt meats and biscuit, with a small supply of potatoes and beans, matches, and cooking vessels, a chest of tools, and the old sails which Black Michael had promised them.
Claytons første tanke var at arrangere et sovende shelter for natten.	Clayton's first thought was to arrange a sleeping shelter for the night.
Ved Tom, hvad vi vil have?	Does Tom know what we want?
Det var nu sidst på eftermiddagen.	It was now late in the afternoon.
Han samlede hende i sine arme og hviskede ord om mod og kærlighed i hendes ører.	He gathered her in his arms, whispering words of courage and love into her ears.
Knap havde de lukket øjnene, før det skræmmende skrig fra en panter lød fra junglen bag dem.	Scarcely had they closed their eyes than the terrifying cry of a panther rang out from the jungle behind them.
Jeg kender begge drenge.	I know both boys.
Han byggede sin kahyt af små bjælker omkring seks tommer i diameter, og stoppede kløfterne med ler, som han fandt i en dybde af et par fod under overfladejorden.	He constructed his cabin of small logs about six inches in diameter, stopping the chinks with clay which he found at the depth of a few feet beneath the surface soil.
I den ene ende af hytten byggede han en pejs af små sten fra stranden.	At one end of the cabin, he built a fireplace of small stones from the beach.
Da huset var blevet helt færdigt, påførte han en belægning af leret på hele den udvendige overflade i en tykkelse af fire tommer.	When the house had been entirely completed, he applied a coating of the clay to the entire outside surface to the thickness of four inches.
I vinduesåbningen satte han små grene omkring en tomme i diameter både lodret og vandret, og så vævede, at de dannede et betydeligt gitter, der kunne modstå styrken fra et kraftigt dyr.	In the window opening he set small branches about an inch in diameter both vertically and horizontally, and so woven that they formed a substantial grating that could withstand the strength of a powerful animal.
Det A-formede tag var stråtækt med små grene lagt tæt sammen og over disse lange jungle græs og palmeblade, med en sidste belægning af ler.	The A-shaped roof was thatched with small branches laid close together and over these long jungle grass and palm fronds, with a final coating of clay.
At bygge en seng, stole, bord og hylder var en forholdsvis nem sag.	The building of a bed, chairs, table, and shelves was a relatively easy matter.
I slutningen af ​​den anden måned var de veltilpas, og på grund af den konstante frygt for angreb fra vilde dyr og den stadigt voksende ensomhed, var de ikke utilpas eller ulykkelige.	By the end of the second month they were well settled, and, but for the constant dread of attack by wild beasts and the ever growing loneliness, they were not uncomfortable or unhappy.
Om natten snerrede og brølede store dyr om deres lille kahyt, men så vant kan man blive til ofte gentagne lyde, at de snart ikke var opmærksomme på dem og sov godt hele natten igennem.	At night great beasts snarled and roared about their tiny cabin, but, so accustomed may one become to oft repeated noises, that soon they paid little attention to them, sleeping soundly the whole night through.
De geniale fugle og de små aber havde vænnet sig til deres nye bekendtskaber.	The brilliant birds and the little monkeys had become accustomed to their new acquaintances.
Flere af fuglene var gået så langt som at tage imod bidder af mad fra Clayton-familiens venlige hænder.	Several of the birds had gone so far as to accept morsels of food from the friendly hands of the Claytons.
Ulige vaser lavet af hans egen hånd af leret i regionen holdt smukke tropiske blomster.	Odd vases made by his own hand from the clay of the region held beautiful tropical flowers.
Gardiner af græs og bambus dækkede vinduerne.	Curtains of grass and bamboo covered the windows.
Jeg har været for blød over for Tom.	I've been too soft on Tom.
Jeg kender den sang.	I know that song.
Vil Tom have os til at gå?	Does Tom want us to leave?
Jeg kender fakta.	I know the facts.
Vil Tom have en tur hjem?	Does Tom want a ride home?
Spørgsmålene i sig selv var for grimme til overhovedet at stille, endsige forsøge at håndtere svarene.	The questions themselves were too ugly to even ask, let alone try to deal with the answers.
Jeg ved, hvem der er hvem.	I know who's who.
Tror Tom, at det vil virke?	Does Tom think it'll work?
Jeg er for doven til at arbejde.	I'm too lazy to work.
Jeg må kede mig meget.	I must be very bored.
Det føles som om der er gået endnu mere tid.	It feels like even more time has passed.
Det er længe siden, jeg har anmeldt japansk.	It's been a long time since I've reviewed Japanese.
Hvis de havde flere bøger, ville jeg have købt dem.	If they had more books, I'd have bought them.
Jeg købte kun fem bøger, fordi de ikke havde flere.	I bought only five books because they didn't have more.
Jeg købte kun fire bøger, fordi de ikke havde flere.	I bought only four books because they didn't have more.
Jeg var i en tegneseriebutik i går.	I was in a comic book shop yesterday.
Der er en tom pose på gulvet.	There's an empty bag on the floor.
Det er længe siden, jeg har hørt nogen tale fransk.	It's been a long time since I've heard anyone speaking in French.
Vær kreativ!	Be creative!
Glem venligst ikke tegnsætning og store bogstaver.	Please do not forget punctuation and capital letters.
Vi kan godt lide kvalitet.	We like quality.
Er programmet hurtigt nok?	Is the program fast enough?
Hvad hvis jeg ved et uheld slår en sætning, som er ophavsretligt beskyttet?	What if I accidentally nail a sentence which is copyrighted?
Lægen skrev så langsomt, at jeg ville have fat i tastaturet fra hende og selv skrive afsnittet.	The doctor was typing so slowly that I wanted to grab the keyboard from her and type out the paragraph myself.
De burde have fortalt os det før.	They should've told us sooner.
Jeg kan godt lide fyrværkeri.	I like fireworks.
Hvem bekymrer sig om, hvordan siden ser ud på Internet Explorer.	Who cares what the site looks like on Internet Explorer.
Tror Tom, jeg kunne gå?	Does Tom think I could go?
Jeg kan godt lide skaldyr.	I like shellfish.
Tror Tom, jeg kan hjælpe?	Does Tom think I can help?
Jeg kan godt lide det navn.	I like that name.
Vil Tom stadig gå?	Does Tom still want to go?
Jeg kan godt lide denne skrifttype.	I like this font.
Vil Tom stadig have disse?	Does Tom still want these?
Jeg kan godt lide denne mad.	I like this food.
Har Tom stadig brug for penge?	Does Tom still need money?
Jeg kan godt lide denne idé.	I like this idea.
Vil Tom virkelig det?	Does Tom really want that?
Jeg kan godt lide denne suppe.	I like this soup.
Har Tom virkelig brug for det?	Does Tom really need that?
Jeg giver ikke interviews.	I don't give interviews.
Jeg kan godt lide at sladre.	I like to gossip.
Mener Tom virkelig det?	Does Tom really mean that?
Jeg kan godt lide din tone.	I like your tone.
Hun måtte forlade sin voldelige mand.	She had to leave her abusive husband.
Kidnapperne holdt Tom for løsesum.	The kidnappers held Tom for ransom.
Spiller Tom videospil?	Does Tom play video games?
Det her er lidt forvirrende.	This is a bit confusing.
Jeg vil ikke være i hans sko.	I don't want to be in his shoes.
Jeg har brug for en fløjte.	I need a whistle.
Mary fortalte Tom, at hun skulle i haven for at plante en blomst.	Mary told Tom that she was going to the garden to plant a flower.
Har Tom brug for en paraply?	Does Tom need an umbrella?
Jeg har brug for et kontor.	I need an office.
Har Tom brug for et lift hjem?	Does Tom need a lift home?
Det anbefaler jeg.	I recommend that.
Kan Tom lide at se tv?	Does Tom like to watch TV?
Jeg tror, ​​jeg vinder.	I think I'll win.
Kan Tom lide at bo her?	Does Tom like living here?
Jeg synes, jeg er grim.	I think I'm ugly.
Kan Tom lide tegneserier?	Does Tom like comic books?
Jeg tror, ​​det hjælper.	I think it helps.
Ved Tom, hvem det er?	Does Tom know who that is?
Jeg stoler også på dig.	I trust you, too.
Ved Tom, hvem Mary er?	Does Tom know who Mary is?
Jeg gik udenfor.	I walked outside.
Ved Tom, hvor han skal hen?	Does Tom know where to go?
Jeg vil ikke adlyde dig.	I won't obey you.
Ved Tom, hvad vi gjorde?	Does Tom know what we did?
Jeg er imod dette.	I'm against this.
Jeg kommer her meget.	I come here a lot.
Er du allerede gravid?	You are pregnant already?
Har Tom nogen tatoveringer?	Does Tom have any tattoos?
Jeg besluttede at blive.	I decided to stay.
Har Tom en paraply?	Does Tom have an umbrella?
Jeg laver ikke mad godt.	I don't cook well.
Har Tom meget at lave?	Does Tom have a lot to do?
Jeg drikker ikke rom.	I don't drink rum.
Jeg har talt med Tom.	I've been talking to Tom.
Jeg tjener ikke meget.	I don't earn much.
Arbejder Tom om mandagen?	Does Tom work on Mondays?
Jeg spiser ikke bacon.	I don't eat bacon.
Forstår du, hvad de siger?	Do you understand what they're saying?
Vil Tom have os til at vente?	Does Tom want us to wait?
Jeg er ligeglad.	I don't even care.
Hvem bor hun sammen med?	Who does she live with?
Vil Tom have os til at blive?	Does Tom want us to stay?
Jeg synger aldrig.	I don't ever sing.
Vil Tom have mig til at hjælpe?	Does Tom want me to help?
Jeg bliver ikke træt.	I don't get tired.
De er meget dårlige skuespillere.	They are very bad actors.
Dette hus har ikke centralvarme.	This house doesn't have central heating.
Går Tom ofte hjem?	Does Tom walk home often?
Dette hus har ikke centralvarme.	This house hasn't got central heating.
Der er ingen centralvarme i dette hus.	There is no central heating in this house.
Kan du lide at køre?	Do you like driving?
Jeg ryger ikke pot.	I don't smoke pot.
Har du en lægeerklæring?	Do you have a medical certificate?
Forstår Tom det?	Does Tom understand that?
Tal ikke til mig i en hovmodig tone.	Don't speak to me in a haughty tone.
Jeg taler ikke meget.	I don't talk much.
Tror Tom, at det hjalp?	Does Tom think it helped?
Jeg gider ikke drikke kold kaffe.	I don't mind drinking cold coffee.
Jeg føler mig meget heldig.	I feel very lucky.
Jeg er en søvnløs.	I am an insomniac.
Mener Tom virkelig det?	Does Tom really think so?
Hun har lånt mig sin cykel.	She's lent me her bicycle.
Du bør tage hunden en tur, før det begynder at regne.	You should take the dog for a walk before it starts raining.
Jeg finder det her sjovt.	I find this funny.
"Din mor holder sig godt?"	"Your mother keeps well?"
spurgte jeg.	I asked.
"Åh, ja.	"Oh, yes.
Jeg formoder, du ved, at hun er blevet gift igen?"	I suppose you know that she has married again?"
Ved Tom det virkelig ikke?	Does Tom really not know?
Jeg er bange for, at jeg viste min overraskelse ret tydeligt.	I am afraid I showed my surprise rather plainly.
Fru Cavendish, som havde giftet sig med Johns far, da han var enkemand med to sønner, havde været en smuk kvinde i midaldrende, som jeg huskede hende.	Mrs. Cavendish, who had married John's father when he was a widower with two sons, had been a handsome woman of middle-age as I remembered her.
Hun kunne bestemt ikke være en dag mindre end halvfjerds nu.	She certainly could not be a day less than seventy now.
Jeg huskede hende som en energisk, autokratisk personlighed.	I recalled her as an energetic, autocratic personality.
Jeg huskede hende som en energisk, autokratisk personlighed, lidt tilbøjelig til velgørende og social berømmelse.	I recalled her as an energetic, autocratic personality, somewhat inclined to charitable and social notoriety.
Jeg huskede hende som en energisk, autokratisk personlighed, lidt tilbøjelig til velgørende og social berømmelse, med en forkærlighed for at åbne basarer og spille Lady Bountiful.	I recalled her as an energetic, autocratic personality, somewhat inclined to charitable and social notoriety, with a fondness for opening bazaars and playing the Lady Bountiful.
Hun var en meget generøs kvinde og besad en betydelig egen formue.	She was a most generous woman, and possessed a considerable fortune of her own.
Deres landsted, Styles Court, var blevet købt af Mr. Cavendish tidligt i deres gifte liv.	Their country-place, Styles Court, had been purchased by Mr. Cavendish early in their married life.
Han havde været fuldstændig under sin kones overhøjde.	He had been completely under his wife's ascendancy.
Han havde været fuldstændig under sin Hustrus Overhøjhed, saa meget, at han ved Døden overlod Stedet til hende for hendes Levetid, saavelsom den største Del af sin Indtægt; en ordning, der var udpræget uretfærdig over for hans to sønner.	He had been completely under his wife's ascendancy, so much so that, on dying, he left the place to her for her lifetime, as well as the larger part of his income; an arrangement that was distinctly unfair to his two sons.
Deres stedmor havde dog altid været mest generøs over for dem.	Their stepmother, however, had always been most generous to them.
De var så unge på tidspunktet for deres fars gengifte, at de altid tænkte på hende som deres egen mor.	They were so young at the time of their father's remarriage that they always thought of her as their own mother.
Lawrence, den yngre, havde været en sart ung.	Lawrence, the younger, had been a delicate youth.
Han havde kvalificeret sig som læge, men opgav tidligt lægefaget.	He had qualified as a doctor but early relinquished the profession of medicine.
Han boede hjemme, mens han forfulgte litterære ambitioner.	He lived at home while pursuing literary ambitions.
Hans vers havde aldrig nogen markant succes.	His verses never had any marked success.
Han havde kvalificeret sig som læge, men opgav tidligt lægefaget og boede hjemme, mens han forfulgte litterære ambitioner; selvom hans vers aldrig havde nogen markant succes.	He had qualified as a doctor but early relinquished the profession of medicine, and lived at home while pursuing literary ambitions; though his verses never had any marked success.
John praktiserede i nogen tid som advokatfuldmægtig, men havde endelig slået sig ned på det mere hyggelige liv som en landherre.	John practised for some time as a barrister, but had finally settled down to the more congenial life of a country squire.
Han var gift for to år siden og havde taget sin kone med til at bo på Styles.	He had married two years ago, and had taken his wife to live at Styles.
Jeg nærede en skarp mistanke om, at han ville have foretrukket, at hans mor havde forhøjet hans tillæg, hvilket ville have gjort det muligt for ham at have sit eget hjem.	I entertained a shrewd suspicion that he would have preferred his mother to increase his allowance, which would have enabled him to have a home of his own.
Mrs. Cavendish var en dame, der kunne lide at lave sine egne planer og forventede, at andre mennesker ville falde i med dem.	Mrs. Cavendish was a lady who liked to make her own plans, and expected other people to fall in with them.
I dette tilfælde havde hun helt sikkert piskehånden, nemlig: pungen.	In this case she certainly had the whip hand, namely: the purse strings.
John bemærkede min overraskelse over nyheden om hans mors gengifte.	John noticed my surprise at the news of his mother's remarriage.
John smilede lidt bedrøvet.	John smiled rather ruefully.
Jeg hader alt.	I hate everything.
Vi lukker vinduerne, når det regner.	We close the windows when it rains.
Spiller Tom volleyball?	Does Tom play volleyball?
Du kunne have slået os alle sammen med en fjer, da hun for tre måneder siden pludselig meddelte, at hun og Alfred var forlovet!	You could have knocked us all down with a feather when, three months ago, she suddenly announced that she and Alfred were engaged!
Fyren skal være mindst tyve år yngre end hun er!	The fellow must be at least twenty years younger than she is!
Det er simpelthen bare-facet lykkejagt.	It's simply bare-faced fortune hunting.
Det må være en svær situation for jer alle.	It must be a difficult situation for you all.
Jeg følte, at jeg pludselig var forvildet ind i en anden verden.	I felt I had suddenly strayed into another world.
Det var en stille, varm dag i begyndelsen af ​​juli.	It was a still, warm day in early July.
Jeg har en baghave.	I have a backyard.
Jeg er bange for, at du vil finde det meget stille hernede.	I'm afraid you'll find it very quiet down here.
Hun har mørkt hår.	She has dark hair.
Han har mørkt hår.	He has dark hair.
Cynthia er en protegée af min mor.	Cynthia is a protégée of my mother's.
Pigen blev efterladt forældreløs og uden penge.	The girl was left an orphan and penniless.
Cynthia har været hos os i næsten to år nu.	Cynthia has been with us nearly two years now.
Hun arbejder på Røde Kors Hospital.	She works in the Red Cross Hospital.
Tom har en ny bedste ven.	Tom has a new best friend.
Mary har en ny bedste ven.	Mary has a new best friend.
Spiller Tom basketball?	Does Tom play basketball?
Jeg er under et træ.	I'm under a tree.
Jeg har en advokat nu.	I have a lawyer now.
De går tidligt og går sent hjem.	They leave early and go home late.
Har Tom planer om at gøre det?	Does Tom plan to do that?
Dette er neglesvamp.	This is nail fungus.
Jeg ved, hvor jeg er.	I know where I am.
Går Tom ofte hjem?	Does Tom often walk home?
Jeg ved, hvem jeg skal spørge.	I know who to ask.
Hun er en blond kvinde.	She's a blonde woman.
Har du allerede skiftet dit fodtøj?	Have you already changed your footwear?
Har Tom brug for flere penge?	Does Tom need more money?
Enhver kan frit udtrykke sig.	Anyone can freely express themselves.
Jeg kan godt lide at være her.	I like being here.
Har Tom brug for hjælp?	Does Tom need assistance?
Jeg kan også tage fejl.	I can be wrong, too.
Tom siges at være hørehæmmet.	Tom is said to be hearing-impaired.
Jeg kan godt lide stegt fisk.	I like fried fish.
Kan Tom lide at gøre det?	Does Tom like to do that?
Jeg kan godt lide stegt mad.	I like fried food.
Kan Tom lide krydret mad?	Does Tom like spicy food?
Vi skal på udkig efter en restaurant.	We are going to look for a restaurant.
Fury bringer våben frem.	Fury brings out weapons.
Jeg kan godt lide grapefrugt.	I like grapefruit.
Kan Tom lide folkemusik?	Does Tom like folk music?
Jeg kan godt lide grønne ærter.	I like green peas.
Kan Tom lide at gøre det?	Does Tom like doing that?
Bobo Halfwit brugte sine evner til at opbygge separatistmærket.	Bobo Halfwit used his skills to build the separatist brand.
Bobo Halfwit, lederen af ​​separatisterne, er en certificeret idiot.	Bobo Halfwit, the leader of the separatists, is a certified idiot.
Fool Muttonhead, lederen af ​​separatister, er en certificeret idiot.	Fool Muttonhead, the leader of the separatists, is a certified moron.
Separatisterne kan ikke se ydmygelsen af ​​deres mange nederlag i øjnene.	The separatists can't face the humiliation of their multiple defeats.
Jeg kan godt lide moderne kunst.	I like modern art.
Jeg er blevet forelsket i det franske sprog.	I've fallen in love with the French language.
Fool Muttonhead er lederen af ​​separatisterne.	Fool Muttonhead is the leader of the separatists.
Fool Muttonhead, lederen af ​​separatister, har en usædvanlig stemme.	Fool Muttonhead, the leader of the separatists, has an unusual voice.
Separatisternes leder er algerier af fødsel.	The leader of the separatists is Algerian by birth.
Fool Muttonhead, lederen af ​​separatisterne, holder af og til taler via Youtube.	Fool Muttonhead, the leader of the separatists, occasionally delivers speeches via Youtube.
Fool Muttonhead begyndte altid sine taler stille og roligt.	Fool Muttonhead would always begin his speeches quietly.
Kender du disse steder?	Do you know these places?
Fool Muttonhead og hans separatistiske tilhængere planter denne idé om 'forræderi' i hovedet på vores folk.	Fool Muttonhead and his separatist followers are planting this idea of 'betrayal' in the heads of our people.
Fool Muttonhead giver sine separatistiske tilhængere fjender.	Fool Muttonhead is giving his separatist followers enemies.
Ved Tom, hvem vi er?	Does Tom know who we are?
Jeg kan godt lide regnfulde dage.	I like rainy days.
Måske skulle jeg skifte job.	Maybe I should change my job.
Ved Tom, hvem der gjorde det?	Does Tom know who did it?
Job er en Guds profet.	Job is a prophet of God.
Vores forlag udgiver børnebøger.	Our publishing company publishes children's books.
Jakob er en Guds profet.	Jacob is a prophet of God.
Jeg kan godt lide krydret mad.	I like spicy food.
Adam er en Guds profet.	Adam is a prophet of God.
Aron er en Guds profet.	Aaron is a prophet of God.
Aron, Amrams søn, var en Guds profet.	Aaron, the son of Amram, was a prophet of God.
Aron og hans bror Moses var Guds profeter.	Aaron and his brother Moses were prophets of God.
Aron var en profet og Moses' ældre bror i de abrahamitiske religioner.	Aaron was a prophet, and the elder brother of Moses in the Abrahamic religions.
Ved Tom, hvad han skal gøre?	Does Tom know what to do?
Næste måned er det et år, hvor jeg har været kærester med hende.	Next month it'll be a year that I've been dating her.
Jeg kan godt lide den butik.	I like that store.
Johannes og hans far Zakarias var Guds profeter.	John and his father Zechariah were prophets of God.
Jeg fortalte dem, at jeg godt kan lide tog.	I told them I like trains.
Der er endnu en storm på vej.	There's another storm coming.
Hvorfor kan vi ikke komme med toget?	Why can we not get on the train?
Jeg er en søvnløs.	I'm an insomniac.
Er du allerede gravid?	You're pregnant already?
Ved Tom, hvordan man står på ski?	Does Tom know how to ski?
Jeg har kendt hende i årevis.	I've known her for years.
Man må ikke ryge.	One must not smoke.
Jeg kan godt lide den ting.	I like that stuff.
Ved Tom det?	Does Tom know about that?
Jeg kan godt lide denne strand.	I like this beach.
Mary er en harpy.	Mary's a harpy.
En dame i en kraftig tweed-nederdel, som bøjede sig over et blomsterbed, rettede sig op, da vi nærmede os.	A lady in a stout tweed skirt, who was bending over a flower bed, straightened herself at our approach.
Hun var en behagelig kvinde.	She was a pleasant-looking woman.
Hun var en behagelig udseende kvinde på omkring fyrre, med en dyb stemme, næsten mandig i sine stentoriske toner og havde en stor fornuftig firkantet krop, med fødder til at matche - disse sidste indkapslet i gode tykke støvler.	She was a pleasant-looking woman of about forty, with a deep voice, almost manly in its stentorian tones, and had a large sensible square body, with feet to match—these last encased in good thick boots.
Ved Tom, hvad der skal gøres?	Does Tom know what needs to be done?
Hvor er te i dag – inde eller ude?	Where's tea today—inside or out?
Du har lavet nok havearbejde for i dag.	You've done enough gardening for today.
Hun førte vejen rundt om huset, hvor der blev spredt te i skyggen af ​​en stor platan.	She led the way round the house to where tea was spread under the shade of a large sycamore.
Jeg vil aldrig glemme mit første syn af Mary Cavendish.	I shall never forget my first sight of Mary Cavendish.
Mary kom tilbage til bilen.	Mary came back to the car.
Mary vendte tilbage til bilen.	Mary returned to the car.
Alle disse ting er brændt ind i min hukommelse.	All these things are burnt into my memory.
Jeg vil aldrig glemme dem.	I shall never forget them.
Jeg vil aldrig glemme hendes høje, slanke skikkelse, som er skitseret mod det skarpe lys.	I shall never forget her tall, slender form, outlined against the bright light.
Jeg vil aldrig glemme den livlige følelse af slumrende ild, der syntes kun at komme til udtryk i hendes vidunderlige gulbrune øjne.	I shall never forget the vivid sense of slumbering fire that seemed to find expression only in those wonderful tawny eyes of hers.
Jeg glemmer aldrig den intense stilhedskraft, hun besad, som ikke desto mindre gav indtrykket af en vild utæmmet ånd i en udsøgt civiliseret krop.	I shall never forget the intense power of stillness she possessed, which nevertheless conveyed the impression of a wild untamed spirit in an exquisitely civilised body.
Mrs. Cavendish gav mig noget te.	Mrs. Cavendish gave me some tea.
Jeg kan godt lide denne klasse.	I like this class.
John kunne næppe kaldes en genial samtalepartner.	John could hardly be called a brilliant conversationalist.
Så skriver du til prinsessen efter te, Alfred?	Then you'll write to the Princess after tea, Alfred?
Ja, bestemt.	Yes, certainly.
Efter te vil gøre sig ganske godt.	After tea will do quite well.
Du er så betænksom, min skat.	You are so thoughtful, my dear.
Han bar guldkantet pince-nez.	He wore gold rimmed pince-nez.
Vi kastede op.	We threw up.
Har Tom en regnfrakke?	Does Tom have a raincoat?
Allerede fra første færd tog jeg en fast og rodfæstet modvilje mod ham.	From the very first I took a firm and rooted dislike to him.
Hvad ville du egentlig vælge som erhverv, hvis du bare kunne konsultere din tilbøjelighed?	What would you really choose as a profession, if you could just consult your inclination?
"Ingen hemmelig hobby?" spurgte hun.	"No secret hobby?" she asked.
Jeg kan godt lide denne film.	I like this movie.
Sig mig - du er tiltrukket af noget?	Tell me—you're drawn to something?
Alle er - normalt noget absurd.	Every one is—usually something absurd.
Du vil grine af mig.	You'll laugh at me.
"Du vil grine af mig."	"You'll laugh at me."
Hun smilede.	She smiled.
"Måske."	"Perhaps."
Jeg stødte engang på en mand i Belgien, en meget berømt detektiv, og han ophidsede mig ret meget.	I came across a man in Belgium once, a very famous detective, and he quite inflamed me.
Han var en vidunderlig lille fyr.	He was a marvellous little fellow.
Han var en sjov lille mand, en stor dandy, men vidunderlig klog.	He was a funny little man, a great dandy, but wonderfully clever.
Hun smed sin lille V. A. D. kasket af, og jeg beundrede de store løse bølger af hendes kastanjebrune hår og den lille og hvide hånd, hun rakte frem for at få sin te.	She tossed off her little V. A. D. cap, and I admired the great loose waves of her auburn hair, and the smallness and whiteness of the hand she held out to claim her tea.
Med mørke øjne og øjenvipper ville hun have været en skønhed.	With dark eyes and eyelashes she would have been a beauty.
Da jeg rakte hende en tallerken sandwich, smilede hun op til mig.	As I handed her a plate of sandwiches she smiled up at me.
Hun kastede sig ned på jorden ved siden af ​​John.	She flung herself down on the ground beside John.
Sæt dig her på græsset.	Sit down here on the grass.
John vil vise dig dit værelse.	John will show you your room.
Aftensmad er klokken halv otte.	Supper is at half-past seven.
Intet er spildt her.	Nothing is wasted here.
Mit værelse var i venstre fløj og så ud over parken.	My room was in the left wing, and looked out over the park.
Jeg så ham fra mit vindue gå langsomt hen over græsset arm i arm med Cynthia Murdoch.	I saw him from my window walking slowly across the grass arm in arm with Cynthia Murdoch.
Har Tom en plan endnu?	Does Tom have a plan yet?
Jeg hørte fru Inglethorp kalde "Cynthia" utålmodigt, og pigen begyndte og løb tilbage til huset.	I heard Mrs. Inglethorp call "Cynthia" impatiently, and the girl started and ran back to the house.
I samme øjeblik trådte en mand ud fra skyggen af ​​et træ.	At the same moment, a man stepped out from the shadow of a tree .
Jeg drømte den nat om den gådefulde kvinde, Mary Cavendish.	I dreamed that night of that enigmatical woman, Mary Cavendish.
At studere sprog er virkelig fantastisk!	Studying languages is really amazing!
Jeg kan godt lide dette ur.	I like this watch.
Jeg så først fru Cavendish ved frokosttid.	I did not see Mrs. Cavendish until lunch-time.
Vi tilbragte en charmerende eftermiddag med at strejfe rundt i skoven.	We spent a charming afternoon roaming in the woods.
John vinkede os ind i rygerummet.	John beckoned us into the smoking-room.
Jeg så med det samme på hans ansigt, at der var sket noget foruroligende.	I saw at once by his face that something disturbing had occurred.
Har Tom en rygsæk?	Does Tom have a backpack?
Manden er tyve år yngre end dig, og du må ikke narre dig selv med hensyn til, hvad han giftede dig med dig for.	The man's twenty years younger than you, and don't you fool yourself as to what he married you for.
Han er meget dårlig.	He's a bad lot.
Jeg blev lidt forskrækket.	I was a little startled.
Hun lagde sin hånd på min arm og sænkede stemmen til en hvisken.	She laid her hand on my arm, and sank her voice to a whisper.
Vi gik ned til landsbyen gennem skoven, der grænsede op til den ene side af godset.	We walked down to the village through the woods which bordered one side of the estate.
Da vi passerede gennem en af ​​portene på vej hjem igen, bukkede en smuk ung kvinde af sigøjnertype, der kom i den modsatte retning, og smilede.	As we passed through one of the gates on our way home again, a pretty young woman of gipsy type coming in the opposite direction bowed and smiled.
"Det er en smuk pige," bemærkede jeg.	"That's a pretty girl," I remarked.
Bare et øjeblik havde jeg en forudanelse om at nærme mig det onde.	Just for a moment I had a premonition of approaching evil.
Jeg køber ofte brød.	I often buy bread.
Sami sendte en e-mail til sin familie.	Sami ailesine e-posta gönderdi.
Leyla var en kærlig mor.	Leyla sevgi dolu bir anneydi.
Har Tom det bedre nu?	Does Tom feel better now?
Det synes jeg virkelig.	I really think so.
Har Tom det bedre?	Does Tom feel any better?
Jeg spiser når jeg har tid.	I'll eat when I have time.
Tom sagde, at Mary er arret.	Tom said that Mary is scarred.
Jeg tror, ​​jeg kan vinde.	I think I can win.
Lad ikke din dømmekraft forplumre dine følelser.	Don't let your judgment cloud your emotions.
Vi køber et hus.	We buy a house.
Der er bestemt en løsning et sted, og jeg vil finde den.	Certainly there is a solution somewhere and I will find it.
Bærer Tom nogensinde et slips?	Does Tom ever wear a tie?
Dammen er meget smuk under fuldmånen.	The pond is very beautiful under the full moon.
I dag skinner solen, det er varmt, og jeg er meget glad.	Today the sun is shining, it is hot, and I am very happy.
Jeg tror, ​​jeg taber.	I think I'll lose.
Har Tom nogensinde en hat på?	Does Tom ever wear a hat?
Jeg tror, ​​jeg tager fejl.	I think I'm wrong.
Løber Tom nogensinde?	Does Tom ever go running?
Det er en tyr.	It's a bull.
Jeg tror, ​​vi vinder.	I think we'll win.
Nyder Tom at rejse?	Does Tom enjoy traveling?
Det plejer jeg at gøre.	I usually do that.
Marys kat skræmte Toms hund.	Mary's cat scared Tom's dog.
Toms kat skræmte Marys hund.	Tom's cat scared Mary's dog.
Kommer Tom her ofte?	Does Tom come here often?
Marys hund skræmte Toms kat.	Mary's dog scared Tom's cat.
Jeg er mere udmattet, end du overhovedet kan forstå.	I'm more exhausted than you could possibly understand.
Jeg blev dybt såret.	I was deeply hurt.
Mente Tom virkelig det?	Did Tom really mean that?
Jeg vasker hunden.	I'll wash the dog.
Vidste Tom, hvad det var?	Did Tom know what it was?
Jeg gør det også.	I'm doing it, too.
Havde Tom tid nok?	Did Tom have enough time?
Jeg tror, ​​jeg vinder.	I believe I'll win.
Accepterede Tom vores tilbud?	Did Tom accept our offer?
Jeg vinder ikke altid.	I don't always win.
Du fortalte hende ikke, hvad hendes far skrev i det brev.	You didn't tell her what her father wrote in that letter.
Måske har Tom brug for en pause?	Maybe Tom needs a break?
Jeg spiser ikke æbler.	I don't eat apples.
Jeg har fulgt Tom.	I've been following Tom.
Jeg griner aldrig.	I don't ever laugh.
De har mange penge.	They have a lot of money.
Ser Tom meget fjernsyn?	Does Tom watch TV a lot?
Jeg behøver ikke at gå.	I don't need to go.
Vil Tom også have nogle?	Does Tom want some, too?
Jeg synger ikke ofte.	I don't often sing.
Vil Tom have noget kage?	Does Tom want some cake?
Jeg spiller ikke poker.	I don't play poker.
Kan Tom virkelig lide det?	Does Tom really like it?
Mindre hunde lever længere end større.	Smaller dogs live longer than bigger ones.
Jeg føler mig meget sulten.	I feel very hungry.
Spiller Tom trommer?	Does Tom play the drums?
Jeg føler mig meget søvnig.	I feel very sleepy.
Spiller Tom i et band?	Does Tom play in a band?
Jeg har en paraply.	I have an umbrella.
Har Tom brug for hjælp?	Does Tom need some help?
Jeg kender deres navne.	I know their names.
Har Tom brug for mere tid?	Does Tom need more time?
Jeg ved, hvad jeg skal købe.	I know what to buy.
Har Tom brug for penge?	Does Tom need any money?
Undskyld, at jeg generer dig.	Excuse me for bothering you.
Jeg hader faktisk Amerika.	I actually do hate America.
Jeg har mange grunde.	I have many reasons.
Jeg ved, hvad der er bedst.	I know what's best.
Tom kom tilbage til Boston i 2013.	Tom came back to Boston in 2013.
Savner Tom Australien?	Does Tom miss Australia?
Jeg ved, hvad der er hvad.	I know what's what.
Bor Tom i nærheden af ​​Mary?	Does Tom live near Mary?
Jeg ved, hvem der skød mig.	I know who shot me.
Kan Tom lide at rejse?	Does Tom like traveling?
Hudfarve indikerer ikke herkomst eller oprindelse.	Skin color does not indicate ancestry or origin.
Jeg kan godt lide tranebær.	I like cranberries.
Kan Tom godt lide at rejse?	Does Tom like to travel?
Jeg kan godt lide gedeost.	I like goat cheese.
Mit liv var meget anderledes.	My life was very different.
Kan Tom lide spaghetti?	Does Tom like spaghetti?
Jeg kan godt lide grønne bønner.	I like green beans.
Kan Tom lide havearbejde?	Does Tom like gardening?
Jeg holdt meget af mit arbejde.	I liked my work a lot.
Jeg kan godt lide dette kamera.	I like this camera.
Jeg prøver at blive gravid.	I'm trying to get pregnant.
"Jeg prøver at blive gravid."	"I'm trying to get pregnant."
"Held og lykke!"	"Good luck!"
Vi prøver at blive gravide.	We're trying to get pregnant.
Jeg var firs år gammel i to tusinde tretten.	I was eighty years old in two thousand thirteen.
Kan Tom godt lide chokolade?	Does Tom like chocolate?
"Har det virket endnu?" spurgte Yuki.	"Has it worked yet?" asked Yuki.
Mary rystede bare på hovedet.	Mary just shook her head.
Spørgsmålet var selvfølgelig, om hun var gravid endnu, for hun ville have et barn.	The question was, of course, whether she was pregnant yet, because she wanted a child.
Jeg kan godt lide dette design.	I like this design.
Kan Tom lide ansjoser?	Does Tom like anchovies?
Jeg kan godt lide de sko.	I like those shoes.
Dette er ligesom den mand, der kom foran Rabba og sagde til ham: "En embedsmand sagde til mig: 'Gå dræb den og den, og hvis du ikke gør det, slår jeg dig ihjel'."	This is like that man who came before Rabba and said to him: "An official said to me, 'Go kill so-and-so and if you don't, I will kill you.'"
Han sagde til ham: "Han skal dræbe dig, og du skal ikke dræbe.	He said to him, "He should kill you and you should not kill.
Hvad troede du, at dit blod er rødere?	What did you think, that your blood is redder?
Måske er den mands blod rødere."	Perhaps that man's blood is redder."
Kender Tom reglerne?	Does Tom know the rules?
Dette er et vigtigt minde.	This is an important memory.
Jeg kan godt lide at træne.	I like to exercise.
Har Tom nogle ar?	Does Tom have any scars?
Jeg kan godt lide at have rødt på.	I like wearing red.
Har Tom en hjemmeside?	Does Tom have a website?
Jeg kan godt lide at træne.	I like working out.
Har Tom en partner?	Does Tom have a partner?
Jeg har brug for en chauffør.	I need a chauffeur.
Føler Tom det okay?	Does Tom feel all right?
Jeg har brug for at være der.	I need to be there.
Nyder Tom sit arbejde?	Does Tom enjoy his work?
Jeg drikker ofte øl.	I often drink beer.
Så Tom vaskebjørnen?	Did Tom see the raccoon?
Jeg drikker ofte vin.	I often drink wine.
Vidste Tom svaret?	Did Tom know the answer?
Jeg fortæller ofte vittigheder.	I often tell jokes.
Vil Tom sove?	Does Tom want to sleep?
Jeg har ofte slips på.	I often wear a tie.
Vil Tom væk?	Does Tom want to leave?
Jeg planlægger at være der.	I plan to be there.
Verden tog alt fra jøderne, og den har aldrig tilgivet os for dette.	The world took everything from the Jews, and it has never forgiven us for this.
Vil Tom også have en?	Does Tom want one, too?
Jeg kan virkelig godt lide hunde.	I really like dogs.
Mener Tom det også?	Does Tom think so, too?
Jeg kan virkelig godt lide det her.	I really like this.
Ingen havde rigtig forstået det, men alle nikkede, som om det hele var helt klart.	No one had really understood, but everyone nodded as though it were all totally clear.
Ingen havde rigtig forstået det, men alle nikkede, som om det hele var helt klart.	No one had really understood, but everyone nodded as if it was all totally clear.
Marcus bad sin nabo om ikke at smide flere genstande fra altanen fremover.	Marcus asked his neighbour not to throw any more objects from the balcony in future.
Hader Tom mig stadig?	Does Tom still hate me?
I lang tid overvejede Marcus tanken om at købe sig en ny motorcykel.	For a long time Marcus was mulling over the idea of buying himself a new motorbike.
Vejen, gennemvædet af regn, var ekstremt glat.	The way, sodden with rain, was extremely slippery.
Stien, der var gennemvædet af regn, var ekstremt glat.	The path, sodden with rain, was extremely slippery.
Virksomheden bestilte et større antal hurtige computere.	The company ordered a larger number of fast computers.
Lejligheden bestod kun af et værelse.	The flat consisted of just one room.
Lejligheden bestod kun af et enkelt værelse.	The flat consisted of just a single room.
Mere var der ikke at sige til det.	There was nothing more to say about it.
Har du set, hvordan det blæser kuling udenfor?	Have you seen how it's blowing a gale outside?
Inden længe var der en udvikling, som ingen havde taget i betragtning.	Before long there loomed a development which no one had taken into consideration.
Der kom hurtigt en udvikling, som ingen havde forudset.	There soon emerged a development which no one had anticipated.
Der kom hurtigt en udvikling, som ingen havde taget højde for.	A development soon emerged that no one had taken into account.
Patienten så sund ud.	The patient looked healthy.
Patienten så sund ud.	The patient was looking healthy.
Han er usædvanlig snakkesalig.	He's unusually talkative.
Det første forslag viste sig at være for kompliceret.	The first suggestion proved to be too complicated.
Det første forslag viste sig at være for kompliceret.	The first proposal proved to be too complicated.
Det er altid en stor fornøjelse at møde dig.	It's always a great pleasure to meet you.
Det er altid en stor fornøjelse at møde dig.	Meeting you is always a great pleasure.
Festen lovede at blive en succes.	The party promised to be a success.
Marcus hævdede at være blevet vækket af en støj.	Marcus claimed to have been woken by a noise.
Kan du venligst pakke dette separat?	Could you please pack this separately?
Mike bad om ikke at blive forstyrret.	Mike asked not to be disturbed.
Huset stod tomt, ingen var flyttet ind.	The house remained empty, no one having moved in.
Met Office advarer om tyk tåge.	The Met Office warns of thick fog.
Vejrtjenesten varsler tyk tåge.	The weather service is warning of thick fog.
Hundens gøen forstyrrede naboerne.	The dog's barking was disturbing the neighbours.
Hundens gøen generede naboerne.	The dog's barking was annoying the neighbours.
Hundens gøen generede naboerne.	The dog's barking annoyed the neighbours.
Hundens gøen forstyrrede naboerne.	The dog's barking disturbed the neighbours.
Manageren klappede målmanden på ryggen.	The manager patted the goalkeeper on the back.
Lægen bandagede tennisspillerens albue.	The doctor bandaged the tennis player's elbow.
Den vidunderlige sommer er uden problemer blevet til efterår.	The wonderful summer has seamlessly become autumn.
Når du returnerer tomme flasker, får du panten tilbage.	When you return empty bottles, you get the deposit back.
Hvorfor har du ikke sagt noget om det før nu?	How come you haven't said anything about it until now?
Hun ser ud til at være fuld.	She seems to be drunk.
Hun ser ud til at være den værste til drink.	She seems to be the worse for drink.
Hans rynkede pande tydede på vedvarende tvivl.	His furrowed brow suggested lingering doubts.
Han var faldet i søvn; det er derfor han ikke var der.	He had fallen asleep; that's why he wasn't there.
Han faldt i søvn; det er derfor han ikke var der.	He fell asleep; that's why he wasn't there.
Stormen i nat førte til oversvømmelser.	The storm last night led to flooding.
Drengene passede det syge pindsvin.	The boys looked after the sick hedgehog.
Drengene passede det syge pindsvin.	The boys were looking after the sick hedgehog.
Starten blev forsinket på grund af dårligt vejr.	The start was delayed because of bad weather.
Ballonen flyver over byen.	The balloon is flying above the city.
Ballonen flyver over byen.	The balloon is flying over the city.
Ballonen flyver gennem byen.	The balloon is flying across the city.
Stien op ad bakken var meget stejl.	The path up the hill was very steep.
Vejen op ad bakken var meget stejl.	The way up the hill was very steep.
Det har jeg virkelig brug for.	I really need that.
Situationen var forvirret; det var totalt kaos.	The situation was confused; it was total chaos.
Det er vigtigt at spise en afbalanceret kost.	It's important to eat a balanced diet.
Det er en skam, du ikke kunne komme.	It's a shame you couldn't come.
Huset stod tomt, efter at beboerne var flyttet væk.	The house stood empty after the occupants had moved away.
Efter at beboerne var flyttet, stod huset tomt.	After the occupants had moved away, the house stood empty.
Han har det godt efter omstændighederne.	He's fine, under the circumstances.
Han har det fint, alt taget i betragtning.	He's fine, all things considered.
Tingene følger deres sædvanlige gang.	Things are following their usual course.
Han behøvede ikke vente længe, ​​før låsen klikkede og døren gik op.	He didn't have to wait long before the lock clicked and the door opened.
Byen er omgivet af en høj mur.	The town is surrounded by a high wall.
Byen er omgivet af en høj mur.	The city is surrounded by a high wall.
I nogle minutter var der stille mellem dem.	For a few minutes there was silence between them.
Der var stille mellem dem i nogle minutter.	There was silence between them for a few minutes.
Det var en festlig lejlighed.	It was a festive occasion.
Du behøver ikke at have læst alt.	You don't have to have read everything.
Du behøver ikke at have læst alt.	You haven't got to have read everything.
Denne mad er virkelig ikke så dårlig.	This food really isn't all that bad.
Han sneg sig rundt om huset til bagdøren.	He sneaked round the house to the back door.
Han stjal rundt om huset til bagdøren.	He stole round the house to the back door.
Han sneg sig rundt om huset til bagdøren.	He crept round the house to the back door.
Han er venlig af natur.	He's friendly by nature.
Der kunne ikke høres andet end urets tikkende.	Nothing could be heard but the ticking of the clock.
Man kunne ikke høre andet end urets tikkende.	You could hear nothing but the ticking of the clock.
Meddelelsen kom som et lyn fra klar himmel.	The announcement came like a bolt from the blue.
Det er virkelig ikke nogen dårlig idé.	That's really not a bad idea.
Han er altid overordentlig høflig.	He is always exceedingly polite.
Det er svært for hende at slappe af.	It's hard for her to relax.
Hun har svært ved at slappe af.	She finds it hard to relax.
Spiller Tom fodbold?	Does Tom play football?
Han var altid brat i telefonen.	He was always abrupt on the telephone.
Han var altid skarp i telefonen.	He was always terse on the telephone.
Hans omgangsform i telefonen var altid kort.	His manner on the telephone was always short.
Valgdagen var kold og regnfuld.	Polling day was cold and rainy.
I så fald skal du komme i dag.	In that case you should come today.
Det er dejligt at se dig igen efter så lang tid.	It's nice to see you again after such a long time.
Han spiste som en hest.	He ate like a horse.
Han spiste som en hest.	He was eating like a horse.
Kyllingerne bor i hønsegården.	The chickens live in the chicken coop.
Hønsene bor i hønsehuset.	The hens live in the hen house.
Torden buldrede i det fjerne.	Thunder rumbled in the distance.
Torden buldrede i det fjerne.	Thunder was rumbling in the distance.
Det vil jeg virkelig gerne.	I really want that.
I disse dage virker sommeren et godt stykke væk.	These days, summer seems a fair way off.
I disse dage virker sommeren ret langt væk.	These days, summer seems quite a long way away.
I disse dage virker sommeren som et fjernt minde.	These days, summer seems like a distant memory.
Spiller Tom baseball?	Does Tom play baseball?
Det vil hun være i stand til.	She's going to be able to do that.
Ved du tilfældigt, hvor jeg kan have efterladt mine nøgler?	Do you by any chance know where I might've left my keys?
Hvor lang tid går der til spillet starter?	How long until the game starts?
Jeg er ked af at sige nej.	I regret saying no.
Ingen af ​​de tre stiller op mod det spanske landshold.	None of those three will line up against the Spanish national team.
Hvordan kan du ikke vide det?	How can you not know that?
Op til hvilken alder troede du på julemanden?	Up to what age did you believe in Father Christmas?
Når kærligheden taler, holder fornuften tungen.	When love speaks, reason holds its tongue.
Var du nødt til at gøre det?	Did you have to do it?
Var hun nødt til at gøre det?	Did she have to do it?
Der er ingen om.	There's no one about.
Der er ingen at se.	There's no one to be seen.
Hvilken dag blev du født?	On what day were you born?
Hvilken dag er du født?	What day were you born on?
En gruppe studerende konstruerede en ortopædisk hånd ved hjælp af en 3D-printer.	A group of students constructed an orthopaedic hand using a 3D printer.
En gruppe studerende var ved at konstruere en ortopædisk hånd ved hjælp af en 3D-printer.	A group of students were constructing an orthopaedic hand using a 3D printer.
En gruppe studerende var ved at bygge en ortopædisk hånd ved hjælp af en 3-D-printer.	A group of students were building an orthopaedic hand using a 3-D printer.
Spiser Tom ofte ude?	Does Tom often eat out?
Klubben accepterede ham som medlem.	The club accepted him as a member.
Hans speciale er frisk fisk tilberedt med et overtræk af salt.	His speciality is fresh fish prepared with a coating of salt.
Hans speciale er frisk fisk med saltbelægning.	His speciality is fresh fish with a salt coating.
Denne butik har en masse specielle tilbud.	This shop has a lot of special offers.
Skal du spise de kager?	Are you going to eat those cakes?
De har skrevet til deres korrespondenter.	They've written to their correspondents.
De faldt ud med hinanden over noget trivielt.	They fell out with each other over something trivial.
Vejret er uhyggeligt.	The weather is atrocious.
Vejret er elendigt.	The weather is miserable.
Noget generer ham.	Something is bothering him.
Hovedsoveværelset og stuen får den dejlige morgensol.	The main bedroom and the living room get the lovely morning sun.
TGV er det franske højhastighedstog.	The TGV is the French high-speed train.
Det du siger er fuldstændig korrekt.	What you've said is completely correct.
Det du sagde er fuldstændig korrekt.	What you said is completely correct.
Det du har sagt er fuldstændig korrekt.	What you've said is totally accurate.
Det du sagde er fuldstændig korrekt.	What you said is totally accurate.
Under- og overjordiske tog samt sporvogne kører på skinner.	Underground and overground trains as well as trams travel on tracks.
Under- og overjordiske tog samt sporvogne kører på skinner.	Underground and overground trains as well as trams travel on rails.
Metro, tog og sporvogne kører på skinner.	The metro, trains and trams travel on rails.
Metro, tog og sporvogne kører på spor.	The metro, trains and trams travel on tracks.
Nogle brød er søde.	Some breads are sweet.
Det er meget svært at overbevise ham om noget.	It's very hard to convince him of anything.
Det er meget svært at få noget til at virke troværdigt for ham.	It's very hard to make anything seem credible to him.
Det er meget svært at gøre noget troværdigt for ham.	It's very hard to make anything believable to him.
Men de måtte lade ham få sin vilje, ellers var han nok blevet syg igen.	But they had to let him have his way, otherwise he would probably have become ill again.
Næsten overfor ligger parken, som undergrundsstationen er opkaldt efter.	Almost opposite is the park after which the underground station is named.
Næsten overfor ligger parken, som undergrundsstationen er opkaldt efter.	Almost opposite is the park after which the tube station is named.
Næsten overfor ligger parken, som metrostationen er opkaldt efter.	Almost opposite is the park after which the metro station is named.
Han helligede sig sproglige studier.	He devoted himself to linguistic studies.
Diana vil gerne være professor.	Diana wants to be a professor.
Mary og Alice er gift.	Mary and Alice are married.
Diana vil gerne blive professor.	Diana wants to become a professor.
Han missede et straffespark i første halvleg.	He missed a penalty in the first half.
Hvor langt fremme er din graviditet?	How far advanced is your pregnancy?
Jeg tror, ​​jeg kan blive.	I think I can stay.
Hvilken måned er du?	What month are you?
Hvilken måned er du?	Which month are you?
Døren blev blæst lukket af vinden.	The door was blown shut by the wind.
Vinden blæste døren lukket.	The wind blew the door shut.
Sådan er det bestemt ikke.	It's definitely not like that.
Tak for dine opmuntrende ord.	Thanks for your words of encouragement.
Hans høreapparat blev vådt og holdt op med at virke.	His hearing aid became wet and stopped working.
Hans høreapparat blev vådt og pakket sammen.	His hearing aid got wet and packed up.
Han kom præcist klokken halv ni.	He arrived at half past eight precisely.
Han ankom præcis klokken halv otte.	He arrived at half eight precisely.
Han kom til tiden klokken halv ni.	He arrived on time at half past eight.
Det er fin kvalitet.	It’s nice quality.
Efterspørgslen er meget høj.	The demand is very high.
Efterspørgslen er meget stor.	Demand is very high.
På den anden side af floden ligger en poppelskov.	On the other side of the river is a poplar wood.
Der er en poppelskov på den anden side af floden.	There's a poplar wood on the other side of the river.
Hvor er rulletrappen?	Where is the escalator?
Han kunne ikke se godt selv med sine briller.	He couldn't see well even with his glasses.
Hans regeringstid sluttede.	His reign came to an end.
Hans styre kom til en ende.	His rule came to an end.
De fleste af eleverne kan engelsk.	Most of the pupils can speak English.
De fleste af eleverne kan engelsk.	Most of the students can speak English.
Hvornår skete denne ulykke?	When did this accident happen?
Det var det bedste mål i hans karriere.	It was the best goal of his career.
Et ensemble er en gruppe kunstnere.	An ensemble is a group of performers.
Hvor længe planlægger du at blive?	For how long do you plan to stay?
Hvor længe planlægger du at blive?	How long do you plan to stay for?
Hvor længe har du tænkt dig at blive?	How long do you intend to stay?
Jeg drikker chai.	I’ll drink chai.
Spiser du normalt brød hele dagen?	Do you usually eat bread all day?
Nyheden spredte sig hurtigt fra mund til mund.	The news spread quickly by word of mouth.
Kan et tårn i skak angribe i fremadgående retning?	Can a rook in chess attack in a forward direction?
Ingen af ​​kandidaterne bestod i eksamen.	None of the candidates were successful in the exam.
Solen spejler sig i flodens klare vand.	The sun is reflecting in the clear water of the river.
Solen reflekteres i flodens klare vand.	The sun is reflected in the river's clear water.
Vil du hen et sted?	Wanna go somewhere?
Hvor meget har du drukket?	How much have you drunk?
Hvor meget har du fået?	How much have you had?
Han siger ikke mere end nødvendigt.	He doesn't say any more than is necessary.
Han siger ikke mere end nødvendigt.	He says no more than is necessary.
Det bliver travlt!	It’s gonna get busy!
Bankerne holder lukket om lørdagen.	The banks stay closed on Saturdays.
Hans ben kan næsten ikke bære ham.	His legs can hardly carry him.
Har Tom brug for vores hjælp?	Does Tom need our help?
Jeg har en hund derhjemme.	I have a dog at home.
Der er en kasse i hallen.	There’s a box in the hall.
"Hvor er den bog?"	"Where's that book?"
"Jeg har givet det til Tom.	"I've given it to Tom.
Han ville have den, og den samlede bare støv her«.	He wanted to have it, and it was just gathering dust here."
"Tom?	"Tom?
Er du sur?	Are you mad?
Værdien af ​​en sjælden udgave som denne er fuldstændig tabt på ham!	The value of a rare edition like that is totally lost on him!
Rundt om hans ligger bøgerne alle sammen på gulvet – man snubler over dem!"	Round his, the books are all lying about on the floor – you trip over them!"
"Hvor er bedstefar?	"Where's Grandad?
Det var meningen, at han skulle spille fodbold med os i haven."	He's meant to be playing football with us in the garden."
"Bedstefar sover, og jeg vil gerne have dig til at huske på, at han er langt over 80 år nu og ikke kan alt, hvad han plejede."	"Grandad's asleep, and I'd like you to keep in mind that he's well over 80 years old now and can't do everything he used to."
"Jamen du ville ikke have troet det i går, da han scorede mål efter hinanden."	"Well you wouldn't have thought it yesterday when he was scoring goals one after the other."
Jeg tror, ​​jeg ville passe ind.	I think I'd fit in.
"Okay da, da vi er syv, kan Tom dele kagen op i syv dele."	"All right then, since there's seven of us, Tom can divide the cake up into seven parts."
"Hvorfor mig?	"Why me?
Hvorfor skulle jeg være den, der deler det op i syv dele?"	Why should I be the one who divides it into seven parts?"
"Nå, du studerer matematik!	"Well, you study mathematics!
Et enkeltcifret naturligt tal – burde være et stykke kage!"	A single-digit natural number – should be a piece of cake!"
"Matematikstuderende lærer intet om at dele kager!"	"Students of mathematics learn nothing about dividing cakes!"
"Hvornår har du sidst brugt dette?" spurgte Tom.	"When was the last time you used this?" asked Tom.
Mary havde en tanke.	Mary had a think.
Til sidst svarede hun.	Finally she answered.
"Ingen anelse - jeg kan ikke huske det."	"No idea – I can't remember."
Tom nikkede og smed den genstand, han lige havde vist Mary, over sin skulder i skraldespanden.	Tom nodded and chucked the object he'd just shown Mary over his shoulder into the rubbish bin.
Jo længere en mand lever, jo tættere kommer han døden.	The longer a man lives, the closer he comes to death.
Har Tom brug for noget?	Does Tom need anything?
"Har du fået mine lange johns på igen, Mary?	"Have you got my long johns on again, Mary?
Dem med dinosaurer, mener jeg."	The ones with dinosaurs, I mean."
"Med dinosaurer?	"With dinosaurs?
Har du sådan et par?	Have you got a pair like that?
Hvorfor skulle jeg tage dem på?"	Why would I put those on?"
"Fordi du er sur på dinosaurer?"	"Because you're mad on dinosaurs?"
En af rumvæsnerne trådte frem, rømmede sig og talte tydeligt tysk uden accent, erklærede, at den og dens kohorter var kommet i fred, og at der ikke var grund til bekymring.	One of the extraterrestrials stepped forward, cleared its throat and, speaking clear German without an accent, declared that it and its cohorts had come in peace, and that there was no cause for concern.
"Kører du ind til byen?	"Are you driving into town?
Kan du tage mit ur ind for at blive repareret?"	Could you take my watch in to be repaired?"
"Jeg havde faktisk ikke tænkt mig at tage ind til byen, men jeg gider selvfølgelig ikke ændre mine planer for dig, Mary."	"I wasn't actually going to go into town, but of course I don't mind changing my plans for you, Mary."
"Kører du ind til byen?	"Are you driving into town?
Kan du tage mit ur ind for at blive repareret?"	Could you take my watch in to be mended?"
"Jeg havde faktisk ikke tænkt mig at tage ind til byen, men jeg gider selvfølgelig ikke ændre mine planer for dig, Mary."	"I wasn't actually going to go into town, but of course I don't mind changing my plans for you, Mary."
På væggen hang et billede af Mary med en truende hævet pegefinger og så ud, som om hun læste observatøren optøjshandlingen.	On the wall hung a picture of Mary, forefinger threateningly raised, looking as though she were reading the observer the riot act.
"Jeg har ansvaret her!" var inskriptionen tilføjet nedenunder.	"I'm in charge here!" was the inscription added beneath.
På væggen hang et billede af Mary med en truende hævet pegefinger, som så ud, som om hun var midt i at læse optøjer til seeren.	On the wall hung a picture of Mary, forefinger threateningly raised, looking as though she were in the middle of reading the viewer the riot act.
Læs billedteksten nedenfor: "Jeg har ansvaret her!"	Beneath read the caption: "I'm in charge here!"
På væggen hang et billede af Mary med pegefinger hævet i trussel, der så ud som om hun læste tilskueren optøjshandlingen.	Hanging on the wall was a picture of Mary, forefinger raised in threat, appearing as though she were reading the onlooker the riot act.
Epigrafen monteret under lød: "Jeg har ansvaret her!"	The epigraph mounted beneath read: "I'm in charge here!"
Jeg tror, ​​jeg vil danse.	I think I'll dance.
"Undskyld Tom!	"Sorry Tom!
Jeg fik munchies og spiste alle dine rødbeder."	I got the munchies and ate all your beetroot."
"Det gør ikke noget, Mary.	"Doesn't matter, Mary.
Jeg forventede, at det kunne ske, så jeg købte to krukker."	I expected that might happen, so I bought two jars."
"Undskyld Tom!	"Sorry Tom!
Jeg har spist alle dine rødbeder.	I've eaten all your beetroot.
Jeg var glubende."	I was ravenous."
"Det er i orden, Mary.	"It's all right, Mary.
Da jeg troede, det kunne ske, købte jeg en anden krukke."	Since I thought that might happen, I bought a second jar."
Canopus ligger så langt sydpå på nattehimlen, at den ikke kan ses fra Centraleuropa.	Canopus lies so far south in the night sky that it can't be seen from Central Europe.
Kun fra den sydligste del af Europa, for eksempel fra Kreta eller Gibraltar, kan den observeres.	Only from the southernmost part of Europe, for example from Crete or Gibraltar, can it be observed.
"Er det rigtigt, at Mary er færdig med Tom?"	"Is it true that Mary's finished with Tom?"
"Ja.	"Yeah.
Men vi ved alle, at det ikke vil vare længe, ​​før hun gør op med ham igen."	But we all know it won't be long before she makes up with him again."
"Du taler virkelig fremragende tysk!"	"You really speak excellent German!"
"Det er meget venligt af dig at sige det, men i betragtning af at jeg har lært det i næsten ti år, så taler jeg det virkelig ikke godt nok."	"It's very kind of you to say that, but considering I've been learning it for nigh on ten years, I really don't speak it well enough."
Tom er gammel nok til at have set sne om vinteren som barn; hver gang han fortalte sine børnebørn om det, ønskede de, at de også en dag kunne bygge en snemand.	Tom is old enough to have seen snow in winter as a child; every time he told his grandchildren about it, they wished that they too could one day build a snowman.
Har Tom brug for hjælp?	Does Tom need any help?
Jeg tror, ​​det betyder noget.	I think it matters.
Har Tom brug for en advokat?	Does Tom need a lawyer?
Jeg tror, ​​det kommer til at sne.	I think it'll snow.
Hvorfor spiser du ikke ananas?	Why don't you eat pineapple?
Jeg vil spise mango.	I want to eat mango.
Jeg spiser en vandmelon.	I am eating a watermelon.
Denne is er ikke med jordbærsmag.	This ice cream is not strawberry flavoured.
Kan Tom lide broccoli?	Does Tom like broccoli?
Det tror jeg virker.	I think that works.
Kan Tom lide baseball?	Does Tom like baseball?
Jeg tror, ​​vi kan vinde.	I think we can win.
Skal de blive der hele dagen?	Do they have to stay there all day?
Er Tom nødt til at gå?	Does Tom have to leave?
Nu er det Peters tur.	Now it's Peter's turn.
Jeg synes, du er tyk.	I think you're fat.
Det er heller ikke varmt i dag.	It's not hot today either.
Har Tom nogen børn?	Does Tom have any kids?
Jeg stoler på politiet.	I trust the police.
Har Tom noget mad?	Does Tom have any food?
Mine bukser er bukser.	My pants are pants.
Jeg vil have det her til ende.	I want this to end.
Har Tom en søster?	Does Tom have a sister?
Jeg vil have dit råd.	I want your advice.
Jeg fik malet mit hus.	I got my house painted.
Har Tom en advokat?	Does Tom have a lawyer?
Jeg arbejder i weekenden.	I work on weekends.
Har Tom en have?	Does Tom have a garden?
Det bekymrer jeg mig om.	I worry about that.
Går Tom på college?	Does Tom go to college?
Jeg har halsbetændelse.	I have strep throat.
Spiser Tom ofte ude?	Does Tom eat out often?
Jeg kan godt lide denne sweater.	I like this sweater.
Spiser Tom meget ude?	Does Tom eat out a lot?
Jeg kan godt lide det her vejr.	I like this weather.
Kører Tom på arbejde?	Does Tom drive to work?
Jeg har brug for en babysitter.	I need a babysitter.
Tom pegede på en stol og bad mig sætte mig ned.	Tom pointed to a chair and told me to sit down.
Jeg var nødt til at nyse.	I had to sneeze.
Jeg hørte en del af Tom og Marys samtale.	I heard part of Tom and Mary's conversation.
Jeg har ventet over en time.	I've been waiting over an hour.
Jeg har brug for noget støtte.	I need some support.
Jeg vil ikke synge den sang, men det gør Tom måske.	I won't sing that song, but maybe Tom will.
Jeg tror, ​​det er en ulv.	I think it's a wolf.
Josef, Jakob, Isak, Ismael og Abraham var Guds profeter.	Joseph, Jacob, Isaac, Ishmael, and Abraham were prophets of God.
Jeg kan godt lide Australien og folk fra Australien.	I like Australia and people from Australia.
Jeg vil gerne glemme det.	I want to forget it.
Jeg gav Tom et stykke papir og en blyant.	I gave Tom a piece of paper and a pencil.
Det fandt jeg nyttigt.	I found that helpful.
Mary er en helvedeskat.	Mary's a hellcat.
Jeg troede ikke, Tom ville forstå det.	I didn't think Tom would understand it.
Jeg har allerede et job.	I have a job already.
Jeg sagde til Tom, at han ikke skulle være bange for Mary.	I told Tom not to be afraid of Mary.
Smukkere end instruktøren er vennen.	More beautiful than the instructor is the friend.
Skønnere end at lære er at takke.	More beautiful than learning is thanking.
Jeg kan kun gøre så meget.	I can only do so much.
Jeg kunne ikke vente med at fortælle Tom mine nyheder.	I couldn't wait to tell Tom my news.
Jeg drømte, at jeg kunne flyve.	I dreamed I could fly.
Jeg vidste, at Tom ville være væk hele natten.	I knew Tom would be gone all night.
Jeg drikker meget øl.	I drink a lot of beer.
Jeg vil fortælle Tom, hvad vi gjorde.	I'm going to tell Tom what we did.
Jeg drikker meget vin.	I drink a lot of wine.
Jeg gav Tom tre en-dollarsedler.	I gave Tom three one-dollar bills.
Jeg har allerede et visum.	I have a visa already.
Jeg vil bede Tom om at gøre det.	I'm going to tell Tom to do that.
Spiller du fodbold med dine venner?	Do you play soccer with your friends?
Jeg synes, jeg er grim.	I think that I'm ugly.
Jeg forklarede aftalen for Tom.	I explained the agreement to Tom.
Jeg ville ønske, jeg var en robot.	I wish I were a robot.
Aron, Amrams søn, er en Guds profet.	Aaron, the son of Amram, is a prophet of God.
Jeg kunne ikke fjerne øjnene fra Mary.	I couldn't take my eyes off Mary.
Jeg har boet her længe.	I've lived here a long time.
Vi vil se en fodboldkamp.	We want to see a football game.
Jeg vidste ikke, at du er så god en kok.	I didn't know that you are such a good cook.
Tom opfører sig nogle gange som en bølle.	Tom acts like a bully sometimes.
Jonas var en Guds profet.	Jonah was a prophet of God.
Salomo og hans far David var Guds profeter.	Solomon and his father David were prophets of God.
Elias var en Guds profet.	Elijah was a prophet of God.
Lūṭ var en Guds profet.	Lūṭ was a prophet of God.
Muslimer tror, ​​at Jesus, Marias søn, var en Guds profet.	Muslims believe that Jesus, the son of Mary, was a prophet of God.
Det har jeg aldrig hørt.	I've never heard that.
Jeg troede ikke, Tom ville få det.	I didn't think Tom would get it.
Jeg føler mig ikke beroliget.	I don't feel reassured.
Jeg forlod Boston næste morgen.	I left Boston the next morning.
Jeg brugte mange penge.	I spent a lot of money.
Jeg gav Tom en ske at spise med.	I gave Tom a spoon to eat with.
Jeg tror, ​​jeg kan vinde.	I think that I can win.
Jeg havde meget ondt af Tom.	I felt extremely sorry for Tom.
Jeg emigrerede fra Portugal til England.	I emigrated from Portugal to England.
Tom har sorte briller på.	Tom is wearing black glasses.
Arabisk er ikke et svært sprog.	Arab is not a difficult language.
Forkølelse er en almindelig sygdom.	Colds are a common disease.
Jeg tager med bus.	I will go by bus.
Udenlandske film vækker ofte kun amerikanernes interesse, hvis de har en masse actionscener.	Foreign films often pique the interest of Americans only if they have a lot of action scenes.
Manageren bebrejdede sit hold for at mangle en så åbenlys fejl i dokumenterne.	The manager upbraided his team for missing such a glaring error in the documents.
Jeg vidste ikke, at det var muligt at gå i søvne i søen og stadig ikke vågne.	I didn't know that it was possible to sleepwalk into the lake and still not wake up.
Jeg vil forfalske en tilladelse, så jeg kan tage på camping i denne weekend.	I will falsify a permit so that I can go camping there this weekend.
Jeg tror, ​​jeg taber.	I think that I'll lose.
Hold til venstre ved det næste lyskryds.	Keep left at the next traffic lights.
Jeg glemte at det er aprilsnar i dag.	I forgot today is April Fools' Day.
Tom og jeg udforskede hulen.	Tom and I explored the cave.
Jeg tror, ​​at jeg tager fejl.	I think that I'm wrong.
Disse matricer danner et vektorrum.	These matrices form a vector space.
Jeg besluttede at bede Tom om at gå.	I decided to tell Tom to go.
Jeg føler mig syg igen.	I'm feeling sick again.
I dag startede jeg på mit nye job.	Today I started my new job.
Jeg vil lede efter Tom.	I'm going to look for Tom.
Jeg er hjemme hver aften.	I'm home every evening.
Jeg lader Tom gå denne gang.	I'll let Tom go this time.
Jeg er ked af at afbryde.	I'm sorry to interrupt.
Det var en af ​​årets varmeste dage.	It was one of the hottest days of the year.
Jeg er ked af at råbe.	I'm sorry for shouting.
Ved du, hvordan man siger dette på fransk?	Do you know how to say this in French?
Jeg havde meget ondt af Tom.	I felt very sorry for Tom.
Dette hus har fået ny facade.	This house has got a new facade.
Dette hus har fået ny facade.	This house has a new facade.
Hvor er det smukt her!	How beautiful it is here!
Jeg har ingen assistenter.	I don't have assistants.
Hvis du ikke betaler mig, hænger jeg dig ved ballerne.	If you don't pay me I'll hang you by the balls.
Jeg lagde ikke mærke til forskellen på dem.	I didn't notice the difference between them.
Det lyder ret groft.	It sounds rather gross.
Det lyder ret ulækkert.	It sounds rather disgusting.
Jeg tror, ​​jeg taber.	I think I'm losing.
Tom er ekspert i vin.	Tom is an expert on wine.
Jeg udtrykte min overraskelse.	I expressed my surprise.
Gør Tom det ofte?	Does Tom do that often?
Jeg taler ikke russisk, og det gør du heller ikke.	I don't speak Russian, and neither do you.
Programmører runder til nærmeste 1024.	Programmers round to the nearest 1024.
Jeg må blive og kæmpe.	I must remain and fight.
Jeg har aldrig beordret dig rundt.	I have never ordered you around.
Jeg er en selvstændig person.	I'm an independent person.
Hvordan siger man det på fransk?	How do you say this in French?
Satser Tom på heste?	Does Tom bet on horses?
Jeg elsker stadig at pille.	I still love to whittle.
Skriver Tom digte?	Does Tom write poetry?
Jeg er ligeglad med dem længere.	I don't care about them anymore.
Jeg tror, ​​jeg kan blive.	I think that I can stay.
Jeg har lige hårdkogt et æg til mig selv.	I have just hard-boiled an egg for myself.
Ønsker Tom at blive?	Does Tom wish to stay?
Jeg tror, ​​jeg ville passe ind.	I think that I'd fit in.
Ser Tom fodbold?	Does Tom watch soccer?
Jeg tror, ​​det betyder noget.	I think that it matters.
Vil Tom blive?	Does Tom want to stay?
Jeg var under vejret.	I was under the weather.
Vil Tom synge?	Does Tom want to sing?
Jeg så den store brand.	I watched the huge fire.
Vil Tom have jobbet?	Does Tom want the job?
Jeg skjulte det faktum, at jeg ikke kan lide syltet mad fra hende i næsten to år.	I hid the fact that I don't like pickled foods from her for almost two years.
Jeg gik tilbage til mit hotel.	I went back to my hotel.
Fordi jeg var meget forsinket, kom jeg på lærerens dårlige side.	Because I was tardy a lot, I got on the teacher's bad side.
Jeg ved ikke, om vi mødes i morgen eller ej.	I don't know if we're meeting tomorrow or not.
Denne skjorte passer virkelig til dig.	This shirt really suits you.
Social empati kan få os til at konfrontere racismen i vores land.	Social empathy can lead us to confront the racism in our country.
Stoler Tom på nogen?	Does Tom trust anyone?
Tom vil aldrig glemme Marys mildhed.	Tom will never forget Mary’s gentleness.
Jeg puttede et smørklat på min toast...så en til...så en mere for en god ordens skyld.	I put a pat of butter on my toast...then another...then one more for good measure.
Undskyld jeg er forsinket; Jeg glemte mine solbriller derhjemme, så jeg var nødt til at vende tilbage for at få dem.	Sorry I'm late; I forgot my sunglasses at home so I had to double back to get them.
Snoren er lidt gammel og slidt, så du skal ikke rykke for hårdt i den.	The string is kind of old and worn out, so don't yank it too hard.
Jeg bliver nødt til at slå det op.	I'll have to look it up.
Denne nederdel passer perfekt til din stil (aura).	This skirt fits your style (aura) perfectly.
De fleste af Seouls gader er rene.	Most of Seoul's streets are clean.
Rejser Tom ofte?	Does Tom travel often?
Jeg bor i Korea.	I live in Korea.
Det er sjovt, ikke?	It's funny, right?
Jeg blev inviteret til en dyr kinesisk restaurant.	I was invited to an expensive Chinese restaurant.
Du er den bedste!	You're the best!
Jeg er den ældste datter.	I'm the oldest daughter.
Rejser Tom meget?	Does Tom travel a lot?
Jeg kan umuligt gøre dette.	I can't possibly do this.
En instruktør skal også være en ven.	An instructor must also be a friend.
Den, der lærer, skal vide at takke.	He who learns must know how to thank.
Har Tom brug for min hjælp?	Does Tom need my help?
Det gjorde jeg den anden dag.	I did that the other day.
Kan Tom lide at gå?	Does Tom like walking?
Jeg hader og elsker.	I hate and love.
Jeg tolererer ikke vold.	I don't condone violence.
Kan Tom godt lide at synge?	Does Tom like to sing?
Da vi ankom til stranden, så vi en slange.	Upon arriving at the beach, we saw a snake.
Det synes jeg er rimeligt.	I think that that's fair.
Kan Tom godt lide at tegne?	Does Tom like to draw?
Jeg var ikke sarkastisk.	I wasn't being sarcastic.
Kan Tom godt lide at lave mad?	Does Tom like to cook?
Jeg er stolt af at være din søn.	I'm proud to be your son.
Kan Tom lide at surfe?	Does Tom like surfing?
Jeg kan ikke lide multitasking.	I don't like multitasking.
Kan Tom lide spinat?	Does Tom like spinach?
Jeg kommer når jeg kan.	I will arrive when I can.
Jeg følte mig træt og kørt ned.	I felt tired and run down.
Kan Tom godt lide at synge?	Does Tom like singing?
Jeg var tilfældigvis tidligt oppe.	I happened to be up early.
Kan Tom lide at løbe?	Does Tom like running?
Jeg forlod aldrig min lejlighed.	I never left my apartment.
Kan Tom lide østers?	Does Tom like oysters?
Tom er ikke den mest uddannede person.	Tom isn't the most educated person.
Jeg tror, ​​alle er bange.	I think everyone's scared.
Kan Tom lide det her?	Does Tom like it here?
Jeg var desperat efter et job.	I was desperate for a job.
Da jeg kom hjem, faldt jeg af træthed.	On arriving home, I fell from fatigue.
Kan Tom lide at fiske?	Does Tom like fishing?
Jeg vil gerne synge med dig.	I'd like to sing with you.
Kan Tom lide at danse?	Does Tom like dancing?
Jeg kommer hjem, og vi taler roligt om alt.	I’ll come home and we’ll calmly talk about everything.
Jeg er fra planeten Jorden.	I'm from the planet Earth.
Kan Tom godt lide at cykle?	Does Tom like cycling?
Jeg vil stoppe jer to.	I'm going to stop you two.
Jeg var ret overrasket over hendes ærlighed.	I was rather taken aback by her honesty.
Kan Tom godt lide at lave mad?	Does Tom like cooking?
Jeg tager dem ind.	I'm going to take them in.
Kan Tom lide gulerødder?	Does Tom like carrots?
Jeg har bare travlt, det er alt.	I'm just busy, that's all.
Tværtimod var jeg forbløffet over, at en person som hende var så ond mod andre.	On the contrary, I was amazed that a person like her was so mean to others.
Kan Tom lide at campere?	Does Tom like camping?
Jeg begyndte at tage billeder.	I began taking photographs.
Kan Tom godt lide bowling?	Does Tom like bowling?
Jeg måtte forlade mit hjemland for at bo her.	I had to leave my homeland to live here.
Jeg var nødt til at gå tidligt i morges.	I had to leave early this morning.
Jeg behøvede ikke en operation.	I didn't need an operation.
Hvad hun så i den mand, kan jeg ikke forestille mig.	What she saw in that man I cannot imagine.
Hun tog ofte ud på lange ekspeditioner med ham.	She often went off for long expeditions with him.
Jeg må indrømme, at jeg var helt ude af stand til at se hans tiltrækning.	I must confess that I was quite unable to see his attraction.
Vi havde alle travlt i løbet af formiddagen med at arrangere og dekorere salen i landsbyen, hvor koncerten skulle finde sted.	We were all busy during the morning arranging and decorating the Hall in the village where the recital was to take place.
Vi havde en sen frokost.	We had a late luncheon.
Vi tilbragte eftermiddagen med at hvile i haven.	We spent the afternoon resting in the garden.
Johns måde at være på var noget usædvanlig.	John's manner was somewhat unusual.
Han virkede meget ophidset og rastløs.	He seemed very excited and restless.
Efter teen gik fru Inglethorp hen og lagde sig.	After tea, Mrs. Inglethorp went to lie down.
Jeg udfordrede Mary Cavendish til en single til tennis.	I challenged Mary Cavendish to a single at tennis.
Tom udfordrede Mary til en single til tennis.	Tom challenged Mary to a single at tennis.
Der var også nogle tableauer, som Cynthia deltog i.	There were also some tableaux in which Cynthia took part.
Hun vendte ikke tilbage med os.	She did not return with us.
Hun vendte ikke tilbage med os, da hun var blevet bedt om en aftensmadsfest.	She did not return with us, having been asked to a supper party.
Hun vendte ikke tilbage med os, da hun var blevet bedt om at deltage i en aftensmadsfest og om at blive natten over hos nogle venner, som havde optrådt med hende i tableauer.	She did not return with us, having been asked to a supper party, and to remain the night with some friends who had been acting with her in the tableaux.
Den følgende morgen blev fru Inglethorp i sengen til morgenmad.	The following morning, Mrs. Inglethorp stayed in bed to breakfast.
Sikke mange flasker!	What a lot of bottles!
"Sikke mange flasker!"	"What a lot of bottles!"
udbrød jeg, mens mit øje rejste rundt i det lille værelse.	I exclaimed, as my eye travelled round the small room.
"Ved du virkelig, hvad der er i dem alle?"	"Do you really know what's in them all?"
"Sig noget originalt," stønnede Cynthia.	"Say something original," groaned Cynthia.
Sig noget originalt.	Say something original.
Det siger hver eneste person, der kommer herop.	Every single person who comes up here says that.
Det siger hver eneste person, der kommer her.	Every single person who comes here says that.
Og jeg ved, at den næste ting du vil sige er: "Hvor mange mennesker har du forgiftet?"	And I know the next thing you're going to say is: "How many people have you poisoned?"
Hvis I kun vidste, hvor fatalt let det er at forgifte nogen ved en fejl, ville I ikke spøge med det.	If you people only knew how fatally easy it is to poison someone by mistake, you wouldn't joke about it.
Kom nu, lad os få te.	Come on, let's have tea.
Vi havde lige lagt den sidste teske væk, da det bankede på døren.	We had just put away the last teaspoon when a knock came at the door.
Kan Tom lide bananer?	Does Tom like bananas?
Han var sin brors modsætning i næsten enhver henseende.	He was the opposite of his brother in almost every respect.
Han var sin brors modsætning i næsten enhver henseende, idet han var usædvanlig genert og reserveret.	He was the opposite of his brother in almost every respect, being unusually shy and reserved.
Hun var det modsatte af sin søster i næsten enhver henseende, idet hun var usædvanlig genert og reserveret.	She was the opposite of her sister in almost every respect, being unusually shy and reserved.
Han havde en vis charme.	He had a certain charm of manner.
Jeg troede, at hvis man virkelig kendte ham godt, kunne man have en dyb hengivenhed for ham.	I fancied that, if one really knew him well, one could have a deep affection for him.
Da vi kørte gennem landsbyen, kom jeg i tanke om, at jeg ville have nogle frimærker, så derfor trak vi op på posthuset.	As we drove through the village, I remembered that I wanted some stamps, so accordingly we pulled up at the post office.
Da jeg kom ud igen, kanonerede jeg ind i en lille mand, der lige var på vej ind.	As I came out again, I cannoned into a little man who was just entering.
Jeg trak mig til side og undskyldte, da han pludselig med et højt udråb knugede mig i sine arme og kyssede mig varmt.	I drew aside and apologised, when suddenly, with a loud exclamation, he clasped me in his arms and kissed me warmly.
Jeg anede ikke, at han var din ven.	I had no idea he was a friend of yours.
Jeg anede ikke, at Tom var din ven.	I had no idea Tom was a friend of yours.
Jeg anede ikke, at hun var en ven af ​​dig.	I had no idea she was a friend of yours.
Tom forlod alt og flyttede til Europa.	Tom left everything and moved to Europe.
Tom efterlod alt og flyttede til Europa.	Tom left everything behind and moved to Europe.
Tom efterlod alt og flyttede til Boston.	Tom left everything behind and moved to Boston.
Tom forlod alt og flyttede til Boston.	Tom left everything and moved to Boston.
Jeg synker ikke for langt i det.	I don't sink in it too far.
Hans hoved var præcis i form af et æg.	His head was exactly the shape of an egg.
Pænheden i hans påklædning var næsten utrolig.	The neatness of his attire was almost incredible.
Jeg tror, ​​at et støvkorn ville have givet ham mere smerte end et skudsår.	I believe a speck of dust would have caused him more pain than a bullet wound.
Alligevel havde denne særprægede lille mand, som jeg var ked af at se, nu haltede slemt, i sin tid været et af de mest berømte medlemmer af det belgiske politi.	Yet this quaint dandyfied little man who, I was sorry to see, now limped badly, had been in his time one of the most celebrated members of the Belgian police.
Som detektiv havde hans flair været ekstraordinær, og han havde opnået triumfer ved at optrevle nogle af datidens mest forvirrende sager.	As a detective, his flair had been extraordinary, and he had achieved triumphs by unravelling some of the most baffling cases of the day.
Jeg har nogle breve, som jeg skal afslutte inden for post-tid.	I've some letters I must finish by post-time.
Har du tændt ilden i mit værelse, som jeg fortalte dig?	Have you lighted the fire in my room as I told you?
Jeg går i seng lige efter aftensmaden.	I'll go to bed directly after supper.
Hun gik ind i boudoiret igen.	She went into the boudoir again.
Tom læste fra teleprompteren.	Tom read from the teleprompter.
Kan Tom lide Vivaldi?	Does Tom like Vivaldi?
Han så ikke ud til at have hørt hende.	He did not seem to have heard her.
Hun så ikke ud til at have hørt ham.	She did not seem to have heard him.
Tom syntes ikke at have hørt Mary.	Tom did not seem to have heard Mary.
Jeg tror, ​​jeg går i seng nu.	I think I'll go to bed now.
Ved Tom, hvem der vandt?	Does Tom know who won?
Jeg tror, ​​alle er bange.	I think everybody's scared.
Fører Tom dagbog?	Does Tom keep a diary?
Jeg er fra staten Iowa.	I'm from the state of Iowa.
Jeg foreslog en hurtig omgang tennis før aftensmaden.	I suggested a quick game of tennis before supper.
Tom foreslog en hurtig omgang tennis før aftensmaden.	Tom suggested a quick game of tennis before supper.
Jeg løb ovenpå for at hente min ketsjer.	I ran upstairs to fetch my racquet.
Også hun så mærkelig og forstyrret ud.	She, too, was looking odd and disturbed.
"Har du gået en god tur med Dr. Bauerstein?"	"Had a good walk with Dr. Bauerstein?"
spurgte jeg og prøvede at fremstå så ligeglad, som jeg kunne.	I asked, trying to appear as indifferent as I could.
Cynthia ventede på mig og hilste ivrigt på mig.	Cynthia was waiting for me, and greeted me eagerly.
Der har været den mest forfærdelige skænderi!	There's been the most awful row!
"Var Dorcas der så?"	"Was Dorcas there, then?"
"Selvfølgelig ikke.	"Of course not.
Hun 'tilfældigvis var tæt på døren'."	She 'happened to be near the door'."
Jeg kan ikke se, hvad der er galt med dette.	I don’t see what's wrong with this.
Tante Emily vil sende ham væk og vil aldrig tale med ham igen.	Aunt Emily will send him away, and will never speak to him again.
Jeg var ivrig efter at få fat i John, men han var ingen steder at se.	I was anxious to get hold of John, but he was nowhere to be seen.
Der var åbenbart sket noget meget betydningsfuldt den eftermiddag.	Evidently something very momentous had occurred that afternoon.
Skal Tom blive?	Does Tom have to stay?
Hr. Inglethorp var i stuen, da jeg kom ned til aftensmaden.	Mr. Inglethorp was in the drawing-room when I came down to supper.
Jeg vil lede efter dem.	I'm going to look for them.
Har Tom en kniv?	Does Tom have a knife?
Det var min kære drøm.	It was my fond dream.
Det var min elskede drøm.	It was my cherished dream.
Vi erklærer os konkurs.	We're declaring bankruptcy.
Elias er en Guds profet.	Elijah is a prophet of God.
Har Tom en hobby?	Does Tom have a hobby?
Eliyahu var en Guds profet.	Eliyahu was a prophet of God.
Eliyahu er en Guds profet.	Eliyahu is a prophet of God.
Ifølge jødedommen vil Elias vende tilbage for at varsle Messias' komme.	According to Judaism, Elijah will return to herald the coming of the Messiah.
Jeg har ingen assistenter.	I don't have any assistants.
Går Tom meget ud?	Does Tom go out a lot?
Jeg kender ikke alle her.	I don't know everybody here.
Gør Tom nogensinde det?	Does Tom ever do that?
Jeg faldt i søvn på jorden.	I fell asleep on the ground.
Jeg har været kærester med Tom.	I've been dating Tom.
Jeg gik hjemmefra med store forhåbninger.	I left home with high hopes.
Jeg sad der sammen med Tom.	I sat there with Tom.
Jeg elsker alle slags dyr.	I love all kinds of animals.
Arbejder Tom overhovedet?	Does Tom work at all?
Jeg kan se hvorfor det kan ske.	I see why that might happen.
Vil Tom have det nu?	Does Tom want it now?
Jeg tror, ​​jeg har brug for en af ​​dem.	I think I need one of those.
Vil Tom have kaffe?	Does Tom want coffee?
Jeg tror, ​​at alle bruger disse.	I think everyone uses these.
Løven er dyrenes konge.	The lion is the king of animals.
Vil Tom have en tur?	Does Tom want a ride?
Vi kan ikke drikke postevandet.	We can't drink the tap water.
Jeg syntes det lød så mærkeligt.	I thought it sounded so odd.
Vil Tom have en øl?	Does Tom want a beer?
Jeg vil altid være stolt af dig.	I'll always be proud of you.
Rejser Tom meget?	Does Tom travel much?
Jeg er ret sikker på, at Tom kan forstå fransk, men jeg kan tage fejl.	I'm fairly certain that Tom can understand French, but I could be wrong.
Jeg er ikke rigtig et dårligt menneske.	I'm not really a bad person.
Danser Tom stadig?	Does Tom still dance?
Jeg kommer fra en musikalsk familie.	I come from a musical family.
Er Tom virkelig ligeglad?	Does Tom really care?
Jeg plejer ikke at sige noget.	I don't usually say anything.
Spiller Tom squash?	Does Tom play squash?
Jeg tror, ​​jeg slår høet nu.	I think I'll hit the hay now.
Spiller Tom fodbold?	Does Tom play soccer?
Jeg har tænkt mig at smide dem væk.	I'm going to throw them away.
Har Tom brug for det nu?	Does Tom need it now?
Jeg smider det her væk.	I'm going to throw this away.
Har Tom brug for en tur?	Does Tom need a ride?
Det vil jeg skrive ned.	I'm going to write that down.
Hun drikker vandet langsomt.	She drinks the water slowly.
Har Tom brug for et lift?	Does Tom need a lift?
Jeg er fysisk sund igen.	I'm physically healthy again.
Har Tom brug for en hånd?	Does Tom need a hand?
Jeg kunne ikke lade være med at se på det.	I couldn't stop looking at it.
Har Tom brug for en frakke?	Does Tom need a coat?
Jeg skulle ikke betale noget.	I didn't have to pay anything.
Savner Tom Boston?	Does Tom miss Boston?
Jeg var nødt til at tænke på den.	I had to think about that one.
Kan Tom lide tennis?	Does Tom like tennis?
Jeg hørte kun mit eget åndedræt.	I heard only my own breathing.
Kan Tom lide sport?	Does Tom like sports?
Jeg hørte kun mit eget åndedræt.	I only heard my own breathing.
Kan Tom lide fodbold?	Does Tom like soccer?
Jeg trådte udenfor for en smøg.	I stepped outside for a smoke.
Kan Tom lide laks?	Does Tom like salmon?
Det synes jeg er helt i orden.	I think that's perfectly fine.
Kan Tom godt lide peber?	Does Tom like pepper?
Jeg skammer mig over at være din far.	I'm ashamed to be your father.
Kan Tom lide heste?	Does Tom like horses?
Jeg vil smide disse væk.	I'm going to throw these away.
Kan Tom lide at vandre?	Does Tom like hiking?
Jeg er ikke sikker på, hvem den pige er.	I'm not sure who that girl is.
Kan Tom lide druer?	Does Tom like grapes?
Det er mig, der skal sige op.	I'm the one who should resign.
Fandt du udgangen?	Did you find the exit?
Kan Tom godt lide kaffe?	Does Tom like coffee?
Jeg prøver at finde en løsning.	I'm trying to find a solution.
Kan Tom lide ost?	Does Tom like cheese?
Jeg begyndte at føle mig lidt fjollet.	I began to feel a little silly.
Kan Tom lide æbler?	Does Tom like apples?
Hvordan var din tur til Tyskland?	How was your trip to Germany?
Vidnerne blev hørt af politiet.	The witnesses were heard by the police.
Det er så respektløst!	That's so disrespectful!
Giv mig klagebogen!	Give me the book of complaints!
Det koster mindre end femten dollars.	It costs less than fifteen dollars.
Jeg kunne se tusindvis af stjerner.	I could see thousands of stars.
Har Tom nok?	Does Tom have enough?
Jeg vil foretage de nødvendige ændringer i næste uge.	I will make the necessary changes next week.
Jeg følte en skarp følelse af fortrydelse.	I felt a sharp sense of regret.
Er Tom i tvivl?	Does Tom have doubts?
Jeg håber, du nød vores program.	I hope you enjoyed our program.
Har Tom et testamente?	Does Tom have a will?
Jeg ved, at jeg vil lave fejl.	I know that I'll make mistakes.
Har Tom en pool?	Does Tom have a pool?
Hun er forræderisk, som en slange.	She is treacherous, like a serpent.
Jeg ved, at denne historie er sand.	I know that this story is true.
Vi gav ham æblet.	We gave him the apple.
Jeg er en natteravn.	I am a night owl.
Har Tom et pas?	Does Tom have a pass?
Mary blev valgt med to tredjedeles flertal til at repræsentere vores land.	Mary was elected by two-thirds majority to represent our country.
Vi skal ikke stole på de data.	We shouldn't rely on that data.
Det er langt fra sandt.	It's far from being true.
Ingen har monopol på sandheden.	Nobody has a monopoly on truth.
Tom bander.	Tom cusses.
Jeg vil skrive deres navne ned, før jeg glemmer dem.	I'm going to write their names down before I forget them.
Jean ser på roserne.	Jean looks at the roses.
Vores hold vandt i går.	Our team won yesterday.
Orkestret spillede godt.	The orchestra played well.
Måske vil du være heldig.	Maybe you'll get lucky.
Tom spiller.	Tom gambles.
For dem, der ikke kender ham, er Fool Muttonhead en sød og charmerende mand, men for de mennesker, der virkelig kender ham, er han en radikal separatist, en racist, en islamofob og en hadmonger.	To those who don't know him, Fool Muttonhead is a sweet and charming man, but to the people who truly know him, he's a radical separatist, a racist, an Islamophobe and a hatemonger.
Jeg vil skrive deres navne ned, før jeg glemmer dem.	I'm going to write down their names before I forget them.
Tom har en.	Tom has one.
Algeriet støtter åbent palæstinenserne.	Algeria openly supports the Palestinians.
Algeriere støtter åbent Palæstina.	Algerians openly support Palestine.
Algeriere støtter åbent palæstinenserne.	Algerians openly support the Palestinians.
Jeg har arbejdet her, siden jeg blev færdig på college.	I've been working here since I graduated from college.
Kender du forskellen mellem en aubergine og en zucchini?	Do you know the difference between an eggplant and a zucchini?
Den amerikanske regering stjal tusindvis af indianske børn.	The US government stole thousands of Native American children.
Den amerikanske regering forsøgte at udrydde indianere.	The US government sought to eradicate Native Americans.
USA forsøgte at udrydde indianere.	The US attempted to eradicate Native Americans.
USA forsøgte at assimilere indfødte amerikanere.	The US attempted to assimilate Native Americans.
USA forsøgte at "civilisere" indianere.	The US attempted to "civilize" Native Americans.
Indianerbørn blev taget med magt fra deres familier i reservater og adopteret af hvide familier.	Native American children were forcibly taken from their families in reservations and adopted by white families.
Indfødte amerikanere er de oprindelige befolkninger i Amerika.	Native Americans are the indigenous populations of the Americas.
De forsøgte at få indianske børn til at skamme sig over deres oprindelse.	They tried to make Native American children ashamed of their origins.
Tom betaler os.	Tom pays us.
Den amerikanske regering forsøgte at assimilere indianske børn.	The US government attempted to assimilate Native American children.
Indfødte amerikanere blev tvunget til at sende deres børn til skolegang på engelsk.	Native Americans were forced to send their children to be schooled in English.
Indfødte amerikanere ønskede at holde på deres sprog og kulturer.	Native Americans wanted to hold on to their languages and cultures.
Den amerikanske regering fratog tusindvis af indianerbørn deres sprog og kulturer.	The US government stripped thousands of Native American children from their languages and cultures.
I USA er det kulturelle folkedrab på indianere blevet begravet i historiebøger.	In the US, the cultural genocide of Native Americans has been buried in history books.
Mange palæstinensere bor i overfyldte huse.	Many Palestinians live in overcrowded houses.
Tusindvis af indianske børn blev adopteret af kaukasiske familier.	Thousands of Native American children were adopted by Caucasian families.
Tusindvis af indianske børn blev anbragt i kaukasiske plejehjem.	Thousands of Native American children were placed in Caucasian foster homes.
Tusindvis af indianske børn blev fjernet fra deres familier og anbragt i kaukasiske plejehjem.	Thousands of Native American children were removed from their families and placed in Caucasian foster homes.
Indianerbørn anbragt i hvide plejehjem fik det dårligt med deres indianske arv.	Native American children placed in white foster homes were made to feel bad about their Native American heritage.
Jeg var endelig i stand til at gøre det, jeg havde prøvet at gøre.	I was finally able to do what I'd been trying to do.
Tom bruger det.	Tom uses it.
Muslimer er stadig under angreb.	Muslims are still under attack.
Floyd var en god mand.	Floyd was a good man.
Vi vil have retfærdighed for Floyd.	We want justice for Floyd.
Folk vil have retfærdighed for George Floyd.	People want justice for George Floyd.
Jeg plejer ikke at sige noget til vores ugentlige møder.	I don't usually say anything at our weekly meetings.
Dette er en af ​​de mest historiske moskeer i Algeriet.	This is one of the most historic mosques in Algeria.
Derek Chauvin dræbte George Floyd.	Derek Chauvin killed George Floyd.
Vi sørger over tabet af George Floyd.	We're grieving the loss of George Floyd.
Palæstinenserne sørger over tabet af George Floyd.	Palestinians are grieving the loss of George Floyd.
Jeg er selv palæstinenser.	I'm Palestinian myself.
Jeg er selv halvt palæstinenser.	I'm half-Palestinian myself.
Minneapolis politibetjent Derek Chauvin dræbte George Floyd.	Minneapolis police officer Derek Chauvin killed George Floyd.
Vi er nødt til at søge retfærdighed for George Floyd.	We need to seek justice for George Floyd.
Rundt om i verden marcherer demonstranter for George Floyd.	Around the world, protesters are marching for George Floyd.
Står Tom på ski?	Does Tom ski?
Derek Chauvin står til fyrre års fængsel.	Derek Chauvin is facing forty years in prison.
Hun skylder mange penge.	She owes a lot of money.
Du har noget smør.	You have some butter.
Lægen ordinerede noget medicin.	The doctor prescribed some medicine.
Jeg planlægger at afslutte rapporten.	I'm planning to finish the report.
Kom du med tog eller bus?	Did you come by train or by bus?
Hun tog noget vand med.	She brought some water.
Jeg har haft lyst til at fortælle dig det her i lang tid.	I've been wanting to tell you this for a long time.
Han fortalte sin mor, at han ville studere i morgen.	He told his mother he would study tomorrow.
Det, der imponerede mig mest, var den blå himmel.	What impressed me the most was the blue sky.
Tom hjælper mig.	Tom helps me.
Hun har en sød tand.	She has a sweet tooth.
Jeg er interesseret i matematik.	I'm interested in mathematics.
Jeg er matematisk orienteret.	I'm mathematically oriented.
Jeg mislykkedes, fordi jeg aldrig gik til nogen af ​​mine klasser.	I failed because I never went to any of my classes.
Jeg beundrer hendes grundighed.	I admire her thoroughness.
Hvorfor har du brug for alt det her?	Why do you need all this stuff?
Tom kan lide os.	Tom likes us.
Jeg formoder, at mange af dem allerede ved det.	I suspect that many of them know that already.
Jeg har aldrig fortalt denne historie til nogen før.	I've never told this story to anybody before.
Tom adlyder mig.	Tom obeys me.
Jeg har aldrig fortalt denne historie til nogen før.	I've never told this story to anyone before.
Tom vil have os.	Tom wants us.
Han er meget provokerende.	He's very provocative.
Mark arbejder kun for penge.	Mark works only for money.
Jeg tænkte, at jeg skulle prøve at se bedst muligt ud.	I thought that I should try to look my best.
Tom har posede bukser på.	Tom is wearing baggy trousers.
Bowler Tom?	Does Tom bowl?
Tom mener, at Canberra er hovedstaden i Østrig.	Tom thinks Canberra is the capital of Austria.
Tom mener, at Wien er hovedstaden i Australien.	Tom thinks Vienna is the capital of Australia.
Jeg får for travlt til at hjælpe dig i dag.	I'm going to be too busy to help you today.
Hun er så forræderisk som en slange.	She is as treacherous as a serpent.
Han vil ikke forklare dem det.	He is not going to explain it to them.
Lad være med at tude.	Stop faffing around.
Er Tom ligeglad?	Does Tom care?
Min fætter er advokat.	My cousin is a lawyer.
Den, der ikke hopper, er ikke tjekkisk.	Whoever isn't jumping is not Czech.
Jeg ville spørge om noget.	I wanted to ask something.
Vi skal lige vænne os til det her.	We just need to get used to this.
Jeg har begået den perfekte forbrydelse, tror jeg.	I've committed the perfect crime, I think.
Han er stridbar.	He is quarrelsome.
Fisker Tom?	Does Tom fish?
Jeg formoder, at mange af dem allerede ved det.	I suspect many of them know that already.
Har Tom noget imod det?	Does Tom mind?
Det har jeg gjort siden i morges.	I've been doing this since this morning.
Surfer Tom?	Does Tom surf?
Jeg er nødt til at rømme mig ofte.	I have to clear my throat often.
Jeg vil gerne se, hvordan denne hat ser ud på dig.	I want to see how this hat looks on you.
Tom spiser fisk.	Tom eats fish.
Jeg har arbejdet her i lang tid.	I've been working here for a long time.
Jeg tænker på, hvad der skete.	I am thinking about what happened.
Han tænker på, hvad der skete.	He is thinking about what happened.
Hun tænker på, hvad der skete.	She is thinking about what happened.
Skura tænker på, hvad der skete.	Skura is thinking about what happened.
Yanni og Skura tænker på, hvad der skete.	Yanni and Skura are thinking about what happened.
Tom spiser kød.	Tom eats meat.
Skura og Nuja tænker på, hvad der skete.	Skura and Nuja are thinking about what happened.
De tænker på, hvad der skete.	They are thinking about what happened.
Jeg vil være her i mindst en uge.	I will be here for at least a week.
Han vil være her i mindst en uge.	He will be here for at least a week.
Hun vil være her i mindst en uge.	She will be here for at least a week.
Skura vil være her i mindst en uge.	Skura will be here for at least a week.
Yanni og Skura vil være her i mindst en uge.	Yanni and Skura will be here for at least a week.
Skura og Nuja vil være her i mindst en uge.	Skura and Nuja will be here for at least a week.
De vil være her i mindst en uge.	They will be here for at least a week.
Jeg vaskede æblerne.	I washed the apples.
Han vaskede æblerne.	He washed the apples.
Hun vaskede æblerne.	She washed the apples.
Skura vaskede æblerne.	Skura washed the apples.
Yanni og Skura vaskede æblerne.	Yanni and Skura washed the apples.
Skura og Nuja vaskede æblerne.	Skura and Nuja washed the apples.
De vaskede æblerne.	They washed the apples.
Jeg vidste, at Skura løj.	I knew that Skura was lying.
Han vidste, at Skura løj.	He knew that Skura was lying.
Hun vidste, at Skura løj.	She knew that Skura was lying.
Nuja vidste, at Skura løj.	Nuja knew that Skura was lying.
Yanni og Nuja vidste, at Skura løj.	Yanni and Nuja knew that Skura was lying.
Nuja og Zira vidste, at Skura løj.	Nuja and Zira knew that Skura was lying.
De vidste, at Skura løj.	They knew that Skura was lying.
Jeg har været til flere begravelser for nylig.	I've been to several funerals recently.
Jeg blev udmattet.	I became exhausted.
Han blev udmattet.	He became exhausted.
Hun blev udmattet.	She became exhausted.
Skura blev udmattet.	Skura became exhausted.
Yanni og Skura blev udmattede.	Yanni and Skura became exhausted.
Skura og Nuja blev udmattede.	Skura and Nuja became exhausted.
De blev udmattede.	They became exhausted.
Jeg blev meget mistænksom.	I became very suspicious.
Han blev meget mistænksom.	He became very suspicious.
Hun blev meget mistænksom.	She became very suspicious.
Skura blev meget mistænksom.	Skura became very suspicious.
Yanni og Skura blev meget mistænksomme.	Yanni and Skura became very suspicious.
Skura og Nuja blev meget mistænksomme.	Skura and Nuja became very suspicious.
Tom spiser svinekød.	Tom eats pork.
Han blev taget i at stjæle.	He was caught stealing.
De har meget komplekse sociale liv.	They have very complex social lives.
Jeg har tid til at hjælpe dig efter frokost.	I'll have time to help you after lunch.
Denne skik følges i mange husstande.	This custom is followed in many households.
Mary er sikkert bekymret for mig.	Mary's probably worried sick about me.
Tom kan lide rom.	Tom likes rum.
Vi ankom der før ham.	We arrived there before him.
Jeg ville ikke efterlade dig der.	I didn't want to leave you there.
Jeg er nødt til at redigere rapporten.	I have to edit the report.
Jeg blev interesseret i denne historie.	I got interested in this story.
Det blæste ikke.	It wasn't windy.
Jeg har ret til at gå, hvor jeg vil.	I have the right to go wherever I please.
Jeg sagde til mig selv, at jeg ikke ville gøre dette igen.	I told myself I wouldn't do this again.
Han var fraværende fra skolen, fordi han var syg.	He was absent from school because he was ill.
Desuden mener jeg, at Kartago skal ødelægges.	Furthermore, I believe that Carthage must be destroyed.
Tom adlød mig.	Tom obeyed me.
Du sætter en fælde op.	You set up a trap.
Kvinder er ikke opmærksomme på ham.	Women don't pay attention to him.
De blev meget mistænksomme.	They became very suspicious.
Jeg tænkte, at jeg skulle prøve at se bedst muligt ud.	I thought I should try to look my best.
Hvor kan jeg købe billetter til teatret?	Where can I buy tickets to the theatre?
Det synes Tom.	Tom thinks so.
Jeg satser på, at olieprisen vil stige.	I bet that the price of oil will go up.
Hun sagde, at hun ikke var forsikret.	She said she wasn't insured.
Er Tom enig?	Does Tom agree?
De unge blev kaldt til moskeen.	The youth were called to the mosque.
Vi spiser fisk til frokost.	We eat fish for lunch.
Vi har fisk til frokost.	We have fish for lunch.
Jeg venter gæster.	I am expecting visitors.
Jeg kan godt lide gammeldags ting.	I like old fashioned things.
Jeg bor faktisk ikke så langt herfra.	I actually live not too far from here.
Danser Tom?	Does Tom dance?
Danser Tom?	Is Tom dancing?
Jeg tror, ​​du skal have en af ​​dem.	I think you need to get one of those.
Det er det, der bringer gode ting til dit liv.	That's what brings good things to your life.
Yanni forsøgte at afslutte sit liv flere gange.	Yanni attempted to end his life multiple times.
Skriv dine drømme i din dagbog.	Put your dreams in your journal.
Fejr dine præstationer.	Celebrate your accomplishments.
Gør alvor af dine drømme.	Get serious about your dreams.
Tom tager stoffer.	Tom does drugs.
Yanni ønsker at leve et sundt og langt liv.	Yanni wants to live a healthy and long life.
Jeg trådte udenfor for at få lidt frisk luft.	I stepped outside for some fresh air.
Yannin er ikke en del af Skuras liv.	Yannin isn't part of Skura's life.
Yanni er en født løgner og en fremragende undskyldningsmager.	Yanni is a born liar and an excellent excuse maker.
Fascister som Naima Salhi, Noureddine Khettal, Lakhdar Benkoula og lederen af ​​separatister er fejluddannede mennesker.	Fascists like Naima Salhi, Noureddine Khettal, Lakhdar Benkoula, and the leader of the separatists are miseducated people.
Tom kan lide øl.	Tom likes beer.
Hvis jeg var dig, ville jeg ikke tro ham.	If I were you, I wouldn't believe him.
Jeg tror ikke, jeg gider læse Toms rapport.	I don't think I want to read Tom's report.
Jo mindre jeg ved, jo bedre.	The less I know, the better.
Jeg har læst en bog.	I have read a book.
Jeg forlader ikke ofte mit hus mere.	I don't often leave my house anymore.
Vent ikke på, at livet træffer beslutninger for dig.	Don't wait for life to make decisions for you.
Yanni har læst alle Ilan Pappes bøger.	Yanni has read all of Ilan Pappe's books.
Yanni er forsigtig med, hvem han lukker ind i sit liv.	Yanni is careful who he lets into his life.
Dvæl ikke ved fortiden.	Don't dwell on the past.
Yanni holder fast ved sit ord.	Yanni sticks to his word.
Tom kan lide æg.	Tom likes eggs.
Yanni ved, hvordan han håndterer sine følelser.	Yanni knows how to manage his emotions.
Yanni er frygtløs.	Yanni is fearless.
Yanni er skræmmende.	Yanni is intimidating.
Jeg behøvede ikke at give dem nogen penge.	I didn't have to give them any money.
Skura holdt sin baby i sin venstre arm.	Skura was holding her baby in her left arm.
At læse mennesker er en fantastisk færdighed at have.	Reading people is a fantastic skill to have.
Tom kan lide børn.	Tom likes kids.
Yanni ærer altid, hvad han siger.	Yanni always honors what he says.
Yanni fik Skuras respekt.	Yanni gained Skura's respect.
Yanni står ved sit ord.	Yanni stands by his word.
Fokuser ikke kun på dig selv.	Don't only focus on yourself.
Start i det små og byg derfra.	Start small and build from there.
Lær at sige nej.	Learn to say no.
Dit behov for at respektere dig selv først.	Your need to respect yourself first.
Rabbiner Dovid Weiss taler på jiddisch.	Rabbi Dovid Weiss speaks in Yiddish.
Yanni skrev et brev til rabbiner Dovid Weiss på jiddisch.	Yanni wrote a letter to Rabbi Dovid Weiss in Yiddish.
Yanni nyder at tale jiddisch med rabbiner Dovid Weiss.	Yanni enjoys speaking Yiddish with Rabbi Dovid Weiss.
Yanni ønsker at besøge Palæstina med rabbiner Dovid Weiss.	Yanni wants to visit Palestine with Rabbi Dovid Weiss.
Yanni vil besøge Vestbredden med rabbiner Dovid Weiss.	Yanni wants to visit the West Bank with Rabbi Dovid Weiss.
Yanni og rabbiner Dovid Weiss besøgte mange palæstinensiske byer på Vestbredden.	Yanni and Rabbi Dovid Weiss visited many Palestinian towns in the West Bank.
Yanni var uhøflig over for Skura.	Yanni was rude to Skura.
Yanni var sur over for Skura.	Yanni was cranky to Skura.
Yanni er nødt til at nærme sig problemet.	Yanni needs to approach the problem headon.
Yanni skal tage fat på roden af ​​problemet.	Yanni needs to address the root of the problem.
Jeg gjorde det eneste, jeg kunne gøre.	I did the only thing that I could do.
Yanni dræber uforskammede chefer med venlighed.	Yanni kills rude bosses with kindness.
Yannis opførsel påvirker hans liv negativt.	Yanni's behavior is negatively affecting his life.
Tom kan lide mælk.	Tom likes milk.
Yanni gav et sympatisk øre til Skuras klager.	Yanni lent a sympathetic ear to Skura's complaints.
Yanni fortsatte med at give andre skylden for alle problemerne i hans liv.	Yanni continued to blame others for all the issues in his life.
Fokuser på løsninger, ikke problemer.	Focus on solutions, not problems.
Du synes ikke at kunne lide mig særlig meget.	You don't seem to like me very much.
Undgå negativ selvsnak.	Avoid negative self-talk.
Tom har brug for det.	Tom needs that.
Livet skal ikke være retfærdigt.	Life isn't supposed to be fair.
Jeg synes, du er nået langt.	I think that you've come a long way.
Opfør intelligent.	Act intelligent.
Tom spiller golf.	Tom plays golf.
Jeg anbefaler, at du prøver at gøre det.	I recommend that you try to do that.
Yanni ved, at der er meget mere i livet at opnå.	Yanni knows there's much more in life to achieve.
Tilfredshed fører til stagnation.	Contentment leads to stagnation.
At mestre et sprog er en rejse, ikke en destination.	Mastering a language is a journey, not a destination.
Tom fortæller løgne.	Tom tells lies.
Yanni har et slapt håndtryk.	Yanni has a limp handshake.
Jeg har lige fået mit amatørradiolicens.	I just got my amateur radio license.
Tom vil have børn.	Tom wants kids.
Jeg vil ikke bruge mange penge.	I don't want to spend a lot a money.
Tom ser tv.	Tom watches TV.
Jeg har aldrig lyst til at tage dertil igen.	I don't ever want to go there again.
Gambler Tom?	Does Tom gamble?
Det er mig, der laver tidsplanen.	I'm the one who makes the schedule.
Tom græder ofte.	Tom often cries.
Folk, der forbander, siger deres mening klarere.	People that curse speak their mind more clearly.
Jeg tager dig med overalt i byen.	I'll take you anywhere in the city.
Laver Tom yoga?	Does Tom do yoga?
Når de er stegt, er disse svampe spiselige og endda en godbid.	When fried, these mushrooms are edible and even a treat.
Jeg vil give dig et par eksempler.	I'll give you a couple of examples.
Føler Tom sig ok?	Does Tom feel OK?
Jeg tror, ​​jeg kender alle her.	I think that I know everybody here.
Hader Tom det?	Does Tom hate it?
Jeg har aldrig villet lave andet.	I never wanted to do anything else.
Kan Tom lide det?	Does Tom like it?
Jeg kom ikke i seng før klokken 02.30.	I didn't get to bed until 2:30 a.m.
Mener Tom det?	Does Tom mean it?
Jeg besluttede at gå på opdagelse lidt.	I decided to do a little exploring.
Savner Tom mig?	Does Tom miss me?
Du ser ikke ud til at vide, hvad du skal gøre.	You don't seem to know what to do.
Genbruger Tom?	Does Tom recycle?
Du kender tilsyneladende ikke svaret.	You don't seem to know the answer.
Vil Tom have det?	Does Tom want it?
Jeg var endelig i stand til at få en pause.	I was finally able to get a break.
Tom savner meget.	Tom misses a lot.
Jeg kastede pistolen i floden.	I threw the pistol into the river.
Giver Tom os skylden?	Does Tom blame us?
Jeg tror, ​​det er derfor, vi blev gift.	I think that's why we got married.
Tager Tom stoffer?	Does Tom do drugs?
Jeg tror, ​​jeg kender alle her.	I think that I know everyone here.
Jeg har ikke brug for en operation.	I don't need an operation.
Jeg syntes det lød mærkeligt.	I thought it sounded odd.
Spiser Tom svinekød?	Does Tom eat pork?
Jeg trængte mig ind i elevatoren.	I pushed my way into the elevator.
Kender Tom HLR?	Does Tom know CPR?
Jeg ved, hvad der er ægte, og hvad der ikke er.	I know what's real and what isn't.
Kan Tom godt lide rap?	Does Tom like rap?
Jeg troede, Tom var lige.	I thought Tom was straight.
Jeg har ikke tænkt mig at gøre det her for evigt.	I don't intend to do this forever.
Vil I unge have lys, eller nyder I tusmørket?	Do you young people want lights, or do you enjoy the twilight?
Mediterer Tom?	Does Tom meditate?
En panda flygtede fra sin indhegning i Zoologisk Have i København.	A panda escaped from his enclosure at the Copenhagen Zoo.
Abrams væddede med Browne om en cigaret, at det skulle regne.	Abrams bet Browne a cigarette that it was going to rain.
Det behøver jeg ikke svare på, vel?	I don't have to answer that, do I?
Abrams væddede med Browne om en cigaret, at det regnede.	Abrams bet Browne a cigarette that it rained.
Abrams spekulerede på, om Browne gøede.	Abrams wondered whether Browne barked.
Jeg tror, ​​Tom er med.	I think Tom is in.
Jeg vil vædde på, at olieprisen vil stige.	I bet the price of oil will go up.
Abrams var meget gammel.	Abrams was very old.
Abrams overlod det til Browne at gø.	Abrams left it to Browne to bark.
Jeg vil sagsøge Tom.	I want to sue Tom.
Du lader ikke til at vide ret meget.	You don't seem to know very much.
Græder Tom ofte?	Does Tom cry often?
Du ser ikke ud til at være særlig søvnig.	You don't seem to be very sleepy.
Benægter Tom det?	Does Tom deny that?
Jeg har også mit ansvar.	I, too, have my responsibilities.
Spiser Tom meget?	Does Tom eat a lot?
Jeg er meget forsigtig med mit tøj.	I'm very careful with my clothes.
Spiser Tom pasta?	Does Tom eat pasta?
Jeg dør før jeg giver dig den.	I'll die before I give it to you.
Er Tom overhovedet ligeglad?	Does Tom even care?
Jeg syntes, det lød så mærkeligt.	I thought that it sounded so odd.
Hviler Tom nogensinde?	Does Tom ever rest?
Jeg tror, ​​de vil være forsigtige.	I think that they'll be cautious.
Har Tom det godt?	Does Tom feel well?
Jeg havde et bedre år end dig.	I had a better year than you did.
Kan Tom lide fisk?	Does Tom like fish?
Jeg er ikke enig med nogen af ​​jer.	I don't agree with either of you.
Kan Tom lide golf?	Does Tom like golf?
Kan du bringe os menuen?	Could you bring us the menu?
Jeg kendte din far.	I knew your dad.
Kommer solen til at skinne i morgen?	Is the sun going to shine tomorrow?
Hunden løb rundt om træet.	The dog was running round the tree.
Hun har vundet adskillige priser.	She has won numerous awards.
Har du læst den fra ende til anden?	Did you read it cover to cover?
De to hold byttede trøjer efter kampen.	The two teams swapped shirts after the game.
Begge hold byttede trøjer efter kampen.	Both teams swapped shirts after the game.
Kvinden har købt en stor mængde mel og sukker.	The woman has bought a large amount of flour and sugar.
Kvinden købte en stor mængde mel og sukker.	The woman bought a large amount of flour and sugar.
Kvinden har købt meget mel og sukker.	The woman has bought a lot of flour and sugar.
Kvinden købte en masse mel og sukker.	The woman bought a lot of flour and sugar.
Kvinden har købt masser af mel og sukker.	The woman has bought loads of flour and sugar.
Kvinden købte masser af mel og sukker.	The woman bought loads of flour and sugar.
Længdegrad måles fra Greenwich.	Longitude is measured from Greenwich.
En mur omkranser den gamle bydel.	A wall surrounds the old town.
Den gamle bydel er omgivet af en mur.	The old town is surrounded by a wall.
Lucy maler et portræt af Mischa.	Lucy is painting a portrait of Mischa.
Lucy tager Mischas portræt.	Lucy is taking Mischa's portrait.
Der er en park bag biografen.	There's a park behind the cinema.
Efter at have fejlet to gange, ønsker William ikke at prøve igen.	Having failed twice, William doesn't want to try again.
Da William havde fejlet to gange, ville han ikke prøve igen.	Having twice failed, William wouldn't like to try again.
Han tænkte bedre over det.	He thought better of it.
Hvad tid er frokosten hos dig?	What time is lunch round yours?
Hvad tid er frokosten omkring din?	What time's lunch round yours?
Hvad tid er frokost hos dig?	What time is lunch at yours?
Hvad tid er frokost hos dig?	What time is lunch at your place?
Hvornår spiser du frokost hos dig?	What time do you eat lunch at your place?
Hvad tid spises frokost hos dig?	What time is lunch eaten at yours?
Det ligner ham.	It looks just like him.
Det er almindelig viden.	It's common knowledge.
Hun er i bad i øjeblikket.	She's having a bath at the moment.
Hun er i bad i øjeblikket.	She's in the bath at the moment.
Hun tager et bad i øjeblikket.	She's having a bath at the minute.
Det regnede efter flere ugers dejligt vejr.	It rained after several weeks of lovely weather.
Hvad tid drikker du te?	What time do you have tea?
Hvad tid gør du det?	What time do you make it?
De siger, at i Amerika kan enhver blive præsident, men det er måske ikke sandt.	They say that in America anyone can become president, but perhaps that's not true.
Det gør jeg vel ubevidst.	I do that unconsciously, I guess.
Kan Tom lide ærter?	Does Tom like peas?
Det skal jeg faktisk gøre i dag.	I actually need to do that today.
Kan Tom lide svinekød?	Does Tom like pork?
Du virker ikke særlig glad i dag.	You don't seem very happy today.
Kan Tom lide ris?	Does Tom like rice?
Du ser ikke ud til at have vores hjælp.	You don't seem to want our help.
Kan Tom lide det?	Does Tom like that?
Du ser ikke ud til at stole på nogen.	You don't seem to trust anybody.
Kan Tom lide dette?	Does Tom like this?
Du ser ikke ud til at smile længere.	You don't seem to smile anymore.
Kan Tom lide yoga?	Does Tom like yoga?
Jeg har aldrig været på en blind date.	I've never been on a blind date.
Ejer Tom en bil?	Does Tom own a car?
Jeg har ledt efter denne bog.	I've been looking for this book.
Ejer Tom en pistol?	Does Tom own a gun?
Jeg er taknemmelig for min familie.	I'm thankful to my family.
Jeg hørte, du ledte efter mig i går.	I heard you were looking for me yesterday.
Jeg skriver til den lokale avis.	I write for the local newspaper.
Denne flod er fire gange længere end den.	This river is four times longer than that one.
Stoler Tom på dig?	Does Tom trust you?
Jeg ville ønske, at jeg kunne gå med dig.	I wish that I could go with you.
Der er to sider af hver mønt.	There are two sides to every coin.
Hans svar er langt fra perfekt.	His answer is far from being perfect.
Hvor de mægtige er faldet, og krigsvåben er gået til grunde!	How the mighty have fallen, and the weapons of war have perished!
Vil Tom have hjælp?	Does Tom want help?
Blev kristendommen opfundet af den flaviske kejserfamilie for at pacificere jødiske oprørere?	Was Christianity invented by the Flavian imperial family to pacify Judean rebels?
Jeg tog min riffel ud af kufferten.	I took my rifle out of its case.
Jeg læste en meget interessant roman i går.	I read a very interesting novel yesterday.
Jeg har læst en bog.	I've read a book.
Vil Tom have børn?	Does Tom want kids?
Det er et farligt og lumsk dyr.	It's a dangerous and insidious animal.
Jeg har lige kogt et æg til mig selv.	I've just hard-boiled an egg for myself.
Jeg har lige hårdkogt mig et æg.	I've just hard-boiled myself an egg.
Jeg har lige lavet mig et hårdkogt æg.	I've just made myself a hard-boiled egg.
Han handlede efter mit råd.	He acted according to my advice.
Den historie kendte jeg slet ikke.	I didn't know that story at all.
Vil Tom have mere?	Does Tom want more?
Denne dragt er ikke sort.	This suit isn't black.
Hold til venstre ved det næste lyskryds.	Keep left at the next traffic light.
Hos Acme Corporation værdsætter vi din sikkerhed.	At Acme Corporation, we value your safety.
Det er derfor, vi inkluderer en gratis flaske håndsprit med hvert bestilt produkt.	This is why we're including a free bottle of hand sanitizer with every product ordered.
Jeg gjorde det eneste, jeg kunne gøre.	I did the only thing I could do.
Vil Tom det?	Does Tom want that?
Jeg har monopol på sandheden.	I have a monopoly on the truth.
Du ser ikke ud til at stole på nogen.	You don't seem to trust anyone.
Jeg tror, ​​jeg sårede Tom.	I think I hurt Tom.
Du sprang en fælde.	You sprung a trap.
Du sprang en fælde.	You sprang a trap.
Hvor kan jeg købe billetter til teatret?	Where can I buy tickets to the theater?
Min mor hjælper mig meget.	My mum helps me a lot.
Mor hjælper mig meget.	Mum helps me a lot.
Tom er en antivaxxer.	Tom is an antivaxxer.
Tom er en anti-vaxxer.	Tom is an anti-vaxxer.
Du synes ikke at kunne lide spinat.	You don't seem to like spinach.
Hvad er Australiens samlede areal?	What's the total area of Australia?
Tasken er brun.	The bag is brown.
Australien er et land uden land.	Australia is a landlocked country.
Jeg tror, ​​Tom var med.	I think Tom was in.
Østrig er både et land og et kontinent.	Austria is both a country and a continent.
Jeg kan godt lide Toms no-nonsense stil.	I like Tom's no-nonsense style.
Jeg kan godt lide Toms no-nonsense attitude.	I like Tom's no-nonsense attitude.
Mary har den her no-nonsense måde at være på.	Mary has this no-nonsense manner about her.
Esthers no-nonsense tilgang kan være virkelig afskrækkende for nogle mennesker, men jeg elsker det.	Esther's no-nonsense approach can be really off-putting to some people, but I love it.
Du synes ikke at kunne lide det her.	You don't seem to like it here.
Folk ser Judge Judy for hendes no-nonsense tilgang.	People watch Judge Judy for her no-nonsense approach.
Demagogen kunne lide at piske masserne op.	The demagogue liked to whip up the masses.
Jeg vil have Tom til at komme.	I want Tom to come.
Du ser ikke ud til at have travlt.	You don't seem to be in a rush.
Passager fra evangelierne blev ofte brugt til at piske landsbybeboerne op til et antisemitisk vanvid og dermed forhindre dem i nogensinde at rejse sig mod adelen.	Passages from the Gospels were frequently used to whip up the villagers into an antisemitic frenzy, thus keeping them from ever rising up against the nobility.
Evangelierne formulerede en bagvaskelse, som ville blive brugt i årtusinder til at retfærdiggøre nedslagtning af jøder.	The Gospels articulated a calumny that would be used for millennia to justify the slaughter of Jews.
Storbritannien er også en ø.	Britain is an island as well.
Jeg starter en fanklub for Tom, hvis du vil være med.	I'm starting a fan club for Tom if you'd like to join.
Velkommen til Tatoeba, også kendt som Toms fanklub.	Welcome to Tatoeba, also known as Tom's fan club.
Jeg vil have Tom til at synge.	I want Tom to sing.
Denne udbredte tro er arkæologisk unøjagtig.	This widely-held belief is archeologically inaccurate.
Forestillingen om en hebraisk erobring af Kanaan fra Egypten er arkæologisk unøjagtig.	The notion of a Hebrew conquest of Canaan from Egypt is archeologically inaccurate.
Arkæologisk set var der aldrig nogen hebraisk erobring af Kanaan.	Archeologically speaking, there was never any Hebrew conquest of Canaan.
Sprogligt set udtrykker verbet ser det gnomiske aspekt, mens estar udtrykker det episodiske aspekt.	Linguistically speaking, the verb ser expresses the gnomic aspect while estar expresses the episodic aspect.
Du er tilsyneladende ikke bekymret.	You don't seem to be concerned.
Filosoffen er kendt for sin gnomiske diktion.	The philosopher is known for his gnomic diction.
Gammel engelsk litteratur var gnomisk og alliterativ.	Old English literature was gnomic and alliterative.
Griner Tom nogensinde?	Does Tom ever laugh?
Filosoffen er kendt for sin gnomiske diktion.	The philosopher is known for her gnomic diction.
Det har vi ikke besluttet endnu.	We haven't determined that yet.
Som forberedelse til sin rejse til Wien besluttede Tom at lære noget australsk tysk.	In preparation for his trip to Vienna, Tom decided to learn some Australian German.
Har Tom en pistol?	Does Tom have a gun?
Dette land er en katastrofe.	This country is a disaster.
Jeg har levet et dobbeltliv.	I've been living a double life.
Har Tom et kort?	Does Tom have a map?
Jeg har været her i et par uger.	I've been here for a few weeks.
Hvis man er opmærksom på én fejl, overser man oftest de andre.	If one pays attention to one mistake, one most often overlooks the others.
Har Tom penge?	Does Tom have money?
Jeg har drukket en del.	I've been drinking quite a bit.
Skal Tom gå?	Does Tom have to go?
Jeg vil ikke prøve at flygte.	I'm not going to try to escape.
Kan Tom lide lever?	Does Tom like liver?
Jeg er selv født sydpå.	I was born in the south myself.
Kan Tom lide opera?	Does Tom like opera?
Jeg synes, du er nået langt.	I think you've come a long way.
Storbritannien er også en ø.	Britain, too, is an island.
Kan Tom lide pasta?	Does Tom like pasta?
Jeg regner med, at jeg rammer sækken.	I guess I'll hit the sack.
Du virker ikke særlig selvsikker.	You don't seem very confident.
Kan Tom lide pærer?	Does Tom like pears?
Hvilken ordbog bruger du oftest?	Which dictionary do you use most often?
Du ser ikke ud til at have lyst til at vinde.	You don't seem to want to win.
Jeg aner ikke, hvad vi kalder det her.	I have no idea what we call it here.
I det maleriske lysthus i rosenhaven græd Henry hele eftermiddagen.	In the quaint gazebo in the rose garden, Henry wept all afternoon.
Kan Tom lide pizza?	Does Tom like pizza?
Jeg har arbejdet hele formiddagen.	I've been working all morning.
Tom kender ikke forskellen mellem ris og ærter.	Tom doesn't know the difference between some rice and a pea.
Kan Tom lide rugby?	Does Tom like rugby?
Maria er en oprørsk pige.	Maria is a rebellious girl.
Jeg har haft meget travlt med arbejde.	I've been very busy with work.
Kan Tom lide sushi?	Does Tom like sushi?
Oftest giver Gud os hustruer, der er helt anderledes end os.	Most often, God gives us wives who are completely different from us.
Det har jeg gjort i al hemmelighed.	I've been secretly doing that.
Hvis han havde været der, ville du så have ønsket at komme?	If he had been there, would you have wanted to come?
Har Tom brug for en nøgle?	Does Tom need a key?
Jeg tror, ​​jeg kender alle her.	I think I know everybody here.
Har Tom brug for penge?	Does Tom need money?
Tom er lidt ked af, at vi ikke fortalte ham sandheden.	Tom is a bit miffed that we didn't tell him the truth.
Du virker ikke for overbevist.	You don't seem too convinced.
Behøver Tom at gå?	Does Tom need to go?
Du ser ikke ud til at være velhavende.	You don't seem to be wealthy.
Ejer Tom en båd?	Does Tom own a boat?
Du ser ikke ud til at være afslappet.	You don't seem to be relaxed.
Spiller Tom skak?	Does Tom play chess?
Du ser ikke ud til at være nysgerrig.	You don't seem to be curious.
Er Tom stadig ligeglad?	Does Tom still care?
Du virker ikke så travlt.	You don't seem all that busy.
Du har kendt mig i nogen tid.	You've known me for some time.
Den stærkeste giver altid de svagere skylden.	The stronger always blames the weaker.
Svømmer Tom stadig?	Does Tom still swim?
Jeg har gjort det her hele dagen.	I've been doing this all day.
Stoler Tom på Mary?	Does Tom trust Mary?
Du virker ikke særlig fokuseret.	You don't seem very focused.
Vil Tom have en hund?	Does Tom want a dog?
Jeg har haft så travlt med arbejde.	I've been so busy with work.
Jeg maler et arbejdsværelse.	I am painting a workroom.
Vil Tom have et job?	Does Tom want a job?
Hvor er hunden Toma?	Where is Toma the dog?
Spiller Tom skak?	Is Tom playing chess?
Jeg er blevet snydt mange gange.	I've been fooled many times.
Vil Tom have dem?	Does Tom want these?
Du virker ikke særlig søvnig.	You don't seem very sleepy.
Vil Tom med?	Does Tom want to go?
Jeg har drukket hele dagen.	I've been drinking all day.
Ønsker Tom at gå?	Does Tom wish to go?
Jeg synes, det var uretfærdigt.	I think that it was unfair.
Arbejder Tom meget?	Does Tom work a lot?
Det vil jeg faktisk gerne.	I actually want to do that.
Jeg hænger ud med Tom.	I hang out with Tom.
Du virker ikke særlig træt.	You don't seem very tired.
Stilhed, tak.	Silence, please.
Jeg kan godt lide Tom og Mary.	I like Tom and Mary.
Du virker ikke særlig klog.	You don't seem very smart.
Hun vil ikke vinde.	She won't win.
Jeg kan godt lide navnet Tom.	I like the name Tom.
Du synes ikke at kunne lide mig.	You don't seem to like me.
Har Tom det bedre?	Does Tom feel better?
Du synes ikke at kunne lide det.	You don't seem to like it.
Har Tom en cykel?	Does Tom have a bike?
Jeg har ikke læst mange bøger.	I haven't read many books.
Har Tom en blog?	Does Tom have a blog?
Du virker ikke så stærk.	You don't seem so strong.
Jeg arbejder i Boston nu.	I work in Boston now.
Jeg synes, det var fair.	I think that it was fair.
Jeg lader ikke Tom køre.	I don't let Tom drive.
Jeg vidste ikke årsagen.	I didn't know the reason.
Jeg kan ikke lide Tom meget.	I don't like Tom much.
Du virker ikke for travlt.	You don't seem too busy.
Tom taler helt sikkert meget.	Tom sure does talk a lot.
Jeg blev bestjålet i går aftes.	I was robbed last night.
Jeg arbejder sammen med Tom hver dag.	I work with Tom every day.
Jeg vil ikke have, at du vinder.	I don't want you to win.
Jeg så Tom skrible på væggen.	I saw Tom scribbling on the wall.
Jeg behøver ikke at gøre dette.	I don't need to do this.
Jeg har været tømrer i tre år.	I've been a carpenter for three years.
Jeg kan ikke lide dine vittigheder.	I don't like your jokes.
Kender du Toms adresse og telefonnummer?	Do you know Tom's address and phone number?
Jeg ved ikke, hvad jeg gjorde.	I don't know what I did.
Jeg har arbejdet her i tre år nu.	I've been working here for three years now.
Jeg kender ikke årsagen.	I don't know the reason.
Jeg har været adskilt fra Tom i tre måneder.	I've been separated from Tom for three months.
Jeg behøver ikke at gøre dette.	I don't have to do this.
Jeg så Tom sprøjtemale noget på væggen.	I saw Tom spray painting something on the wall.
Du virker ikke velhavende.	You don't seem wealthy.
Jeg har arbejdet på denne bar i tre måneder.	I've been working at this bar for three months.
Jeg vil ikke gå på pension.	I don't want to retire.
Jeg har kæmpet med Tom om det hele ugen.	I've been fighting with Tom about that all week.
Jeg holder ikke ferie.	I don't take vacations.
Jeg har været forelsket i Tom, siden jeg var tretten.	I've been in love with Tom since I was thirteen.
Jeg bor ikke på en gård.	I don't live on a farm.
Jeg har studeret fransk i omkring tre år.	I've been studying French for about three years.
Jeg går vel i seng.	I guess I'll go to bed.
Jeg bor ikke her i nærheden.	I don't live near here.
Jeg har arbejdet i Australien siden oktober sidste år.	I've been working in Australia since last October.
Jeg kan ikke lide at rejse.	I don't like to travel.
Jeg har uploadet tre videoer om ugen i de sidste tre år.	I've been uploading three videos per week for the past three years.
Er det mandag?	Is it Monday?
Jeg føler mig tryg nu.	I feel safe now.
Jeg ser Tom meget.	I see Tom a lot.
Jeg har brug for en leder.	I need a manager.
Er det ikke mandag?	Isn't it Monday?
Jeg vil have mere hjælp.	I want more help.
Jeg syntes det lød mærkeligt.	I thought that it sounded odd.
Jeg stoler stadig på Tom.	I still trust Tom.
Jeg ser meget tv.	I watch TV a lot.
I morgen er det mandag.	Tomorrow's Monday.
Tom omgiver altid sin kone med lidt opmærksomhed.	Tom always surrounds his wife with little attentions.
Tom omgav sin kone med lidt opmærksomhed.	Tom surrounded his wife with little attentions.
Tom omringede Mary med lidt opmærksomhed.	Tom surrounded Mary with little attentions.
Jeg har fået at vide nej.	I've been told no.
Jeg tror, ​​Tom er tilbage.	I think Tom is back.
Australien er både et land og et kontinent.	Australia is both a country and a continent.
Jeg vil gerne købe denne.	I want to buy this.
Jeg synes, Tom er sød.	I think Tom is cute.
Jeg arbejder i Australien.	I work in Australia.
Jeg får altid min vilje.	I always get my way.
Jeg kommer på mandag.	I'll come on Monday.
Jeg tror på, at jeg kan vinde.	I believe I can win.
Er Tom med i koret?	Is Tom in the choir?
Jeg tror, ​​det er forbi.	I believe it's over.
Vi sad et stykke tid i stilhed.	We sat for some time in silence.
Det var en herlig nat, varm og stille.	It was a glorious night, hot and still.
Fru Cavendish viftede blidt med et palmeblad.	Mrs. Cavendish fanned herself gently with a palm leaf.
Huskede Tom dig?	Did Tom remember you?
Han havde et stearinlys i hånden.	He had a candle in his hand.
Det så ud til at være midt om natten, da jeg blev vækket af Lawrence Cavendish.	It seemed to be the middle of the night when I was awakened by Lawrence Cavendish.
Det gør jeg hver dag.	I do that every day.
Jeg tror, ​​Tom gjorde det.	I believe Tom did it.
Jeg tror, ​​at Tom gjorde det.	I believe that Tom did it.
Jeg forventer at blive betalt.	I expect to be paid.
Jeg forventer, at Tom hjælper.	I expect Tom to help.
Det synes jeg er morsomt.	I find that amusing.
Savner du hjem?	Do you miss home?
Jeg er sammen med Tom.	I get along with Tom.
Jeg finder det her morsomt.	I find this amusing.
Tom har fundet på en plan for at stjæle pengene.	Tom has come up with a plan to steal the money.
Jeg kender Toms adresse.	I know Tom's address.
Jeg går i skole her.	I go to school here.
Jeg ved, hvordan Tom stemte.	I know how Tom voted.
Jeg går på denne skole.	I go to this school.
Jeg føler, der er sket noget.	I feel something happened.
Jeg ved, hvad Tom gør.	I know what Tom does.
Jeg har en brækket arm.	I have a broken arm.
Jeg ved, hvor Tom var.	I know where Tom was.
Jeg har en lommelygte.	I have a flashlight.
Jeg kan godt lide Toms madlavning.	I like Tom's cooking.
Jeg har et skateboard.	I have a skateboard.
Jeg kan godt lide Toms venner.	I like Tom's friends.
Jeg har en snescooter.	I have a snowmobile.
Jeg ser ofte Tom her.	I often see Tom here.
Jeg har din adresse.	I have your address.
Jeg tror, ​​jeg skræmte Tom.	I think I scared Tom.
Jeg ved, hvordan jeg skal begynde.	I know how to begin.
Jeg tror, ​​Tom kan vente.	I think Tom can wait.
Jeg ved, hvordan man danser.	I know how to dance.
Jeg tror, ​​Tom er kommet til skade.	I think Tom got hurt.
Jeg ved, hvor det var.	I know where it was.
Jeg tror, ​​Tom hørte mig.	I think Tom heard me.
Jeg ved, hvem der har skrevet det.	I know who wrote it.
Jeg tror, ​​Tom mente det.	I think Tom meant it.
Hun så filmen i går aftes.	She saw the film last night.
Jeg havde ikke en ny kjole på i går.	I didn't wear a new dress yesterday.
Jeg ved, hvem der kommer.	I know who's coming.
Jeg tror, ​​Tom havde travlt.	I think Tom was busy.
Jeg ved, hvorfor jeg er her.	I know why I'm here.
Jeg tror, ​​Tom var færdig.	I think Tom was done.
Jeg kender din adresse.	I know your address.
Jeg synes, Tom var retfærdig.	I think Tom was fair.
Jeg kan godt lide koldt vejr.	I like cold weather.
Jeg tror, ​​Tom var hjemme.	I think Tom was home.
Jeg kan godt lide at spise alene.	I like eating alone.
Jeg tror, ​​Tom kom for sent.	I think Tom was late.
Jeg kan godt lide grønne løg.	I like green onions.
Jeg vil have Toms gamle job.	I want Tom's old job.
Jeg kan godt lide det hernede.	I like it down here.
Jeg vil glemme Tom.	I want to forget Tom.
Jeg kan godt lide at bo alene.	I like living alone.
Jeg vil gerne lade Tom gå.	I want to let Tom go.
Jeg kan godt lide mine naboer.	I like my neighbors.
Er det allerede mandag?	Is it Monday already?
Jeg kan godt lide at køre i bus.	I like riding buses.
Er det allerede mandag?	Is it already Monday?
Jeg vil gerne købe to billige billetter.	I'd like to buy two concessionary tickets.
Hun er ved at skrive en bog nu.	She's writing a book now.
Spillede hun tennis i går morges?	Was she playing tennis yesterday morning?
Jeg kan godt lide at tage risici.	I like taking risks.
Derfor skal jeg tage testen igen.	That's why I have to take the test again.
Jeg kan godt lide den nye plan.	I like the new plan.
Derfor skal du tage testen igen.	That's why you have to take the test again.
Har Tom et tørklæde?	Does Tom have a scarf?
Jeg kan godt lide denne tegneserie.	I like this cartoon.
Jeg har en fakkel.	I have a torch.
Jeg ved, hvordan Tom gjorde det.	I know how Tom did it.
Jeg kan godt lide denne tegning.	I like this drawing.
Jeg ved, hvad Tom fandt.	I know what Tom found.
Ved Tom, hvad vi laver?	Does Tom know what we do?
Jeg kan godt lide denne episode.	I like this episode.
Jeg ved, hvad Tom skrev.	I know what Tom wrote.
Jeg kan godt lide dette program.	I like this program.
Jeg kan godt lide dette show.	I like this show.
Jeg kan godt lide denne applikation.	I like this application.
Jeg ved, hvor Tom døde.	I know where Tom died.
Jeg kan godt lide denne hjemmeside.	I like this website.
Jeg ved, hvorfor Tom gjorde det.	I know why Tom did it.
Du kan tale fransk.	You can speak French.
Jeg kan godt lide at blive krammet.	I like to be hugged.
Jeg ved, hvorfor Tom er sur.	I know why Tom is mad.
Jeg kan godt lide at socialisere.	I like to socialize.
Jeg bor her i Boston.	I live here in Boston.
Jeg kan godt lide at have slips på.	I like to wear ties.
Jeg er nødt til at gå med Tom.	I need to go with Tom.
Jeg har brug for en af ​​dem.	I need one of those.
Jeg så Tom sidste mandag.	I saw Tom last Monday.
Jeg har brug for de ting.	I need those things.
De jager for det meste med snarer, og de griber bare alt, truet, ikke truet, og de fleste af dyrene dør i disse snarer, før de overhovedet er fundet, så de er virkelig dødsfælder, og det er totalt spild.	They hunt with snares mostly, and they just grab everything, endangered, not endangered, and most of the animals die in these snares before they are even found so they are really death traps and it’s a total complete waste.
"Kinesiske forskere har antydet, at virussen muligvis er kommet gennem den traditionelle kinesiske medicin med at bruge flagermusafføring til øjensalve," sagde David Olsen, naturbevaringsdirektør for WWF, i forbindelse med coronavirus.	“Chinese researchers have suggested the virus might have come through the traditional Chinese medicine of using bat feces for eye ointment,” David Olsen, conservation director for WWF, said in regard to the coronavirus.
De kalder det den tomme skov-syndrom, fordi der simpelthen ikke er noget tilbage længere.	They call it the empty forest syndrome because there’s simply nothing left anymore.
Du kan gå rundt i lang tid, og du hører eller ser ikke noget.	You can walk around for a long time and you don’t hear or see anything.
Demonstranterne rev statuen af ​​en slavehandler ned.	The protesters tore down the statue of a slave trader.
Gør mig ikke ondt!	Don't hurt me!
Vi er midt i en masseudryddelse.	We are in the midst of a mass extinction.
Tabet af biodiversitet accelererer.	The loss of biodiversity is accelerating.
Passagerduer talte engang i milliarder.	Passenger pigeons once numbered in the billions.
Jeg tror, ​​jeg vil kysse Tom.	I think I'll kiss Tom.
Jeg skal købe en bil.	I need to buy a car.
Jeg tror, ​​Tom har en bil.	I think Tom has a car.
Jeg har brug for din mening.	I need your opinion.
Jeg tror, ​​Tom har en hund.	I think Tom has a dog.
Skura filtede et par sedler fra Yannis pung.	Skura filched a few notes from Yanni's wallet.
Jeg spiser ofte hjemme.	I often eat at home.
Jeg tror, ​​Tom hader dig.	I think Tom hates you.
Jeg går ofte i jakkesæt.	I often wear a suit.
Jeg tror, ​​Tom hørte dig.	I think Tom heard you.
Han ser ud til at være en mild person.	He seems to be a gentle person.
Min lillebror har mange penge.	My younger brother has a lot of money.
Den grinende babypige er min datter.	The laughing baby girl is my daughter.
Jeg planlægger at træde tilbage.	I plan to step down.
Jeg tror, ​​Tom sårede Mary.	I think Tom hurt Mary.
Jeg fortryder, hvad jeg gjorde.	I regret what I did.
Jeg synes, Tom er en tøs.	I think Tom is a slob.
Jeg ser en lighed.	I see a resemblance.
Jeg tror, ​​Tom kommer.	I think Tom is coming.
Det tror jeg, jeg kan lide.	I think I like that.
Jeg tror, ​​Tom græder.	I think Tom is crying.
Er det had, vi ser gå, køre, på sociale medier, i medierne en normal tilstand eller en patologi i sindet?	Is the hatred we see walking, driving, on social media, in the media a normal state or a pathology of the mind?
Kom væk herfra, hurtigt!	Get out of here, fast!
Det tror jeg, jeg ville gøre.	I think I'd do that.
Jeg synes, Tom er streng.	I think Tom is strict.
Jeg tror, ​​jeg er adopteret.	I think I'm adopted.
Jeg tror, ​​Tom overdosis.	I think Tom overdosed.
Opvasken er beskidt.	The dishes are dirty.
Jeg tror, ​​jeg er uheldig.	I think I'm unlucky.
Jeg tror, ​​Tom skød Mary.	I think Tom shot Mary.
Jeg synes, det var fair.	I think it was fair.
Jeg tror, ​​Tom var alene.	I think Tom was alone.
Det tror jeg tæller.	I think that counts.
De plejede at spise morgenmad.	They used to have breakfast.
De spiste morgenmad.	They were having breakfast.
Jeg tror, ​​Tom var vred.	I think Tom was angry.
Jeg tror, ​​det er mit.	I think that's mine.
Jeg tror, ​​Tom var vågen.	I think Tom was awake.
Jeg tror, ​​vi er alene.	I think we're alone.
Tokyo er en megaby.	Tokyo is a megacity.
Jeg tror, ​​Tom kedede sig.	I think Tom was bored.
Tom har stjålet alle sine forældres penge.	Tom has stolen all his parents' money.
Sproget er et værktøj til selvudfoldelse.	Language is a tool of self-expression.
Denne blå sweater er meget flot.	This blue sweater is very nice.
Jeg tror, ​​du kan vinde.	I think you can win.
Jeg tror, ​​Tom var tidligt.	I think Tom was early.
Jeg ønsker at blive valgt.	I want to be chosen.
Tokyo, den største by og hovedstad i Japan, ligger på den østlige kyst af Honshu, den største af de fire hovedøer i den japanske øgruppe.	Tokyo, the largest city and capital of Japan, is located on the eastern coast of Honshu, the largest of the four main islands of the Japanese archipelago.
Jeg tror, ​​Tom var den første.	I think Tom was first.
Jeg vil gerne ændre det.	I want to change it.
Det var en uforglemmelig ferie.	It was an unforgettable holiday.
Jeg tror, ​​Tom var glad.	I think Tom was happy.
Jeg vil gerne klare det.	I want to handle it.
Jeg tror, ​​Tom løj.	I think Tom was lying.
Lad Tom være.	Let Tom be.
Jeg vil spille golf.	I want to play golf.
Jeg tror, ​​Tom var træt.	I think Tom was tired.
Jeg vil stoppe her.	I want to stop here.
Må jeg låne dine høretelefoner?	Can I borrow your earphones?
Jeg tror, ​​Tom var ked af det.	I think Tom was upset.
Jeg vil gå hjem.	I want to walk home.
Hvilken slags værktøj ville gøre en ting til en person?	What sort of tool would turn a thing into a person?
Jeg tror, ​​Tom tog fejl.	I think Tom was wrong.
Hvilken slags værktøj kunne bringe en ting til live?	What sort of tool could bring a thing to life?
Tom er bare en historie, forældre fortæller deres børn.	Tom's just a story parents tell their kids.
Jeg læste hans dagbøger.	I read his diaries.
Jeg tror på, at jeg kan hjælpe.	I believe I can help.
Du har åbnet kassen.	You've opened the box.
Jeg kan ikke leve uden det menneskelige samfund.	I can't live without human society.
Det er usmageligt.	It's distasteful.
Det er tarveligt.	That's tacky.
Vent på mig; Jeg kommer snart tilbage.	Wait for me; I'll be back soon.
Hvor er hunden Toma?	Where's Toma the dog?
Jeg tror, ​​Tom vil synge.	I think Tom will sing.
Jeg bebrejder dig for det.	I blame you for that.
Ingen stoppede folkedrabet.	Nobody stopped the genocide.
Gennemgå dette eksempel omhyggeligt, da alle afsnit nedenfor vil referere til eksemplet præsenteret her.	Review this example carefully, as all sections below will be referring to the example presented here.
Er der strudse i Østrig?	Are there ostriches in Austria?
Jeg tror, ​​det er Tom.	I think that it's Tom.
Disse metoder bliver først påkaldt, når en berøring påbegyndes.	These methods get invoked first when a touch is initiated.
Jeg køber en masse slik.	I buy a lot of candy.
Jeg vil vække Tom.	I want to wake Tom up.
Denne gang er du heldig.	This time, you are lucky.
Jeg anser dette for sikkert.	I consider this safe.
Jeg arbejder lige så hårdt som Tom.	I work as hard as Tom.
Det gør jeg om mandagen.	I do that on Mondays.
Skyder Tom sig selv?	Does Tom blame himself?
Jeg spiser kød hver dag.	I eat meat every day.
Forventer Tom at vinde?	Does Tom expect to win?
Jeg forventer, at du hjælper.	I expect you to help.
Ikke alt umoralsk er af lav kvalitet.	Not everything immoral is of low quality.
Ikke alt beskidt er lort.	Not everything filthy is crap.
Jeg kender Toms efternavn.	I know Tom's last name.
Jeg har lyst til at feste.	I feel like partying.
Jeg ved, hvordan Tom gør det.	I know how Tom does it.
Jeg har et strandhus.	I have a beach house.
Jeg ved, hvad Tom tænker.	I know what Tom thinks.
Ovenstående diagram gør tingene lidt mere enkle, end de faktisk er.	The above diagram makes things a little more simple than they actually are.
Vi skal være færdige med maleriet til lørdag.	We have to finish the painting by Saturday.
Jeg har meget at miste.	I have a lot to lose.
Ikke enig.	Do not agree.
Jeg ved, hvad Tom ville.	I know what Tom wanted.
Jeg har en riskoger.	I have a rice cooker.
Jeg ved, hvorfor Tom gav op.	I know why Tom gave up.
Jeg har undervisning i dag.	I have classes today.
Jeg kunne ikke være mere enig!	I couldn't agree more!
Jeg skal overbevise Tom.	I need to convince Tom.
Jeg har nogle høns.	I have some chickens.
Jeg tror, ​​Tom er en taber.	I think Tom is a loser.
Jeg kender alle reglerne.	I know all the rules.
Jeg tror, ​​Tom ved det.	I think Tom knows that.
Jeg ved hvad det er til.	I know what it's for.
Jeg tror, ​​Tom fandt på.	I think Tom made it up.
På grund af sin store størrelse og sin tunge vægt kan strudsen ikke flyve.	Because of its large size and its heavy weight, the ostrich cannot fly.
Endelig er der nogen, der er enig med mig!	At last someone agrees with me!
Jeg ved hvad du kan lide.	I know what you like.
Jeg tror, ​​Tom forstod.	I think Tom understood.
Jeg ved, hvem der var der.	I know who was there.
Toms hånd er ren.	Tom's hand is clean.
Rosen tilhører Tom.	The rose belongs to Tom.
Rosen tilhører Theodore.	The rose belongs to Theodore.
Rosen er Theodors.	The rose is Theodore's.
Rosen er Toms.	The rose is Tom's.
Jeg vil have et job i Boston.	I want a job in Boston.
Jeg kan godt lide at være udenfor.	I like being outside.
Jeg vil spise med Tom.	I want to eat with Tom.
Jeg kan godt lide at hugge træ.	I like chopping wood.
Må jeg se dig på mandag?	Can I see you on Monday?
Jeg kan godt lide gyserfilm.	I like horror movies.
Kan Tom lide thailandsk mad?	Does Tom like Thai food?
Jeg kan godt lide vores nye træner.	I like our new coach.
Kan Tom lide grøn te?	Does Tom like green tea?
Jeg kan godt lide maden her.	I like the food here.
Jeg ved, hvor Tom er nu.	I know where Tom is now.
Jeg kan også godt lide denne.	I like this one, too.
Jeg ved, hvorfor Tom kom for sent.	I know why Tom was late.
Jeg ser dig ofte her.	I often see you here.
Kunne Tom lide dit design?	Did Tom like your design?
Jeg kan virkelig godt lide tennis.	I really like tennis.
Mary brugte et Jedi-sindtrick på Tom.	Mary used a Jedi mind trick on Tom.
Hotellet ligger i et meget farligt område af byen.	The hotel is in a very dangerous area of the city.
Spiser Tom meget frugt?	Does Tom eat a lot fruit?
Jeg fortryder at komme her.	I regret coming here.
Jeg ved, hvorfor Tom græder.	I know why Tom is crying.
Embedsmænd fra FN og Verdenssundhedsorganisationen (WHO) deltog i en ceremoni torsdag for at genstarte den schweiziske by Genèves berømte Jet d'Eau-fontæne, der blev slukket i marts.	U.N. and World Health Organization (WHO) officials took part in a ceremony Thursday to restart the Swiss city of Geneva's famous Jet d'Eau fountain that was turned off in March.
Springvandet er et af byens mest berømte vartegn.	The fountain is one of the city's most famous landmarks.
Jet d'Eau-fontænen skød 500 liter vand i sekundet til en højde af 140 meter, mens en strygekvartet spillede, og et publikum jublede.	The Jet d'Eau fountain shot 500 liters of water per second to a height of 140 meters as a string quartet played, and a crowd cheered.
Jeg forlod alt og tog til Moskva.	I left everything and went to Moscow.
Jet d'Eau-fontænen er et af Genèves mest berømte vartegn og ligger lige ud for kysten ved Genevesøen.	The Jet d'Eau fountain is one of Geneva's most famous landmarks and sits just offshore on Lake Geneva.
Jet d'Eau springvandet er et af verdens højeste springvand.	The Jet d'Eau fountain is one of the world's tallest fountains.
Jeg droppede alt og flyttede til Moskva.	I dropped everything and moved to Moscow.
Jet d'Eau-fontænens navn betyder bogstaveligt "vandstråle" og blev oprindeligt bygget til at kontrollere og frigive overskydende tryk fra et nærliggende hydraulisk anlæg.	The Jet d'Eau fountain's name literally means "water jet" and was originally built to control and release excess pressure from a nearby hydraulic plant.
I Moskva faldt nedbør svarende til en fjerdedel af den månedlige norm i løbet af et døgn.	In Moscow, precipitation equivalent to a quarter of the monthly norm fell over the course of a day.
Jeg ser det ske.	I see that happening.
Han går på arbejde til fods.	He goes to work on foot.
Du bør aldrig sprede rygter om andre mennesker.	You should never spread rumors about other people.
Jeg tror, ​​Tom vil sige ja.	I think Tom will say yes.
Rygter spredte sig over hele byen om dem.	Rumors were spreading all over town about them.
Rygtet spredte sig over hele byen.	The rumor spread all over town.
Jeg digter stadig.	I still write poetry.
Han var hvid som kridt.	He was white as chalk.
Hun var hvid som kridt.	She was white as chalk.
Tom var hvid som kridt.	Tom was white as chalk.
Jeg tror, ​​at Tom er tilbage.	I think that Tom is back.
Jeg tror, ​​jeg kan ordne det.	I think I can fix it.
Hun kan virkelig godt lide dig.	She really likes you.
Han kan virkelig godt lide dig.	He really likes you.
Han har mareridt hver nat.	He has nightmares every night.
Hvad laver du på mandag?	What're you doing Monday?
Jeg tror, ​​jeg kommer for sent.	I think I'll be late.
Undervisningen begynder næste mandag.	Classes begin next Monday.
Han kom tilbage, og snart regnede det.	He came back, and soon it rained.
Jeg tror, ​​jeg klarer det.	I think I'll make it.
Kom på mandag, hvis du kan.	Come on Monday if you can.
Jeg synes, jeg er smuk.	I think I'm handsome.
Jeg kan ikke lade være med at være enig!	I can't help agreeing!
Kunne Tom lide nogen af ​​dem?	Did Tom like any of those?
Jeg synes, det er et trick.	I think it's a trick.
Mente Tom, hvad han sagde?	Did Tom mean what he said?
Jeg synes, det er mærkeligt.	I think it's strange.
Betaler Tom sin egen skat?	Does Tom do his own taxes?
Jeg tror, ​​at jeg snorker.	I think that I snore.
Nyder Tom at gøre det?	Does Tom enjoy doing that?
Jeg synes, jeg er tyk.	I think that I'm fat.
Nyder Tom gamle film?	Does Tom enjoy old movies?
Jeg tror, ​​det vil virke.	I think that'll work.
Bliver Tom nogensinde bilsyg?	Does Tom ever get carsick?
Det synes jeg er sjovt.	I think that's funny.
Har Tom fri mandage?	Does Tom have Mondays off?
Det tror jeg er lovligt.	I think that's legal.
Har Tom et teleskop?	Does Tom have a telescope?
Jeg tror, ​​det er dit.	I think that's yours.
Har Tom sin frakke på?	Does Tom have his coat on?
Jeg tror, ​​de er sikre.	I think they're safe.
Har Tom dit nummer?	Does Tom have your number?
Det tror jeg, vi har brug for.	I think we need that.
Han sang og hun dansede.	He sang and she danced.
Tom sang og Mary spillede klaver.	Tom sang and Mary played the piano.
Kender Tom en god kok?	Does Tom know a good cook?
Jeg tror, ​​vi taber.	I think we're losing.
Ved Tom, hvordan man strikker?	Does Tom know how to knit?
Jeg tror, ​​du gjorde dette.	I think you did this.
Ved Tom, hvordan man læser?	Does Tom know how to read?
Jeg plejer at have en hat på.	I usually wear a hat.
Kender Tom deres navne?	Does Tom know their names?
Jeg vil have et stort bryllup.	I want a big wedding.
Kan Tom lide at være alene?	Does Tom like being alone?
Jeg vil have en drink til.	I want another drink.
Bor Tom i nærheden af ​​en park?	Does Tom live near a park?
Jeg vil ud at bowle.	I want to go bowling.
Bilindustrien beskæftiger mange arbejdere.	The car industry employs a lot of workers.
Skulle han en dag vende hjem, ville han helt sikkert besøge det sted, hvor hans bedstefar voksede op.	Should he one day return home, he would certainly visit the place where his grandfather grew up.
Hvis han en dag skulle vende hjem, ville han være sikker på at besøge det sted, hvor hans bedstefar voksede op.	If he should one day return home, he'd be certain to visit the place where his grandfather grew up.
Hvis han en dag skulle hjem, ville han helt sikkert besøge det sted, hvor hans bedstefar voksede op.	If he was to go back home one day, he'd certainly visit the place where his grandfather grew up.
Hvis han en dag skulle tage hjem, ville han helt sikkert besøge det sted, hvor hans bedstefar voksede op.	If he were to go back home one day, he'd certainly visit the place where his grandfather grew up.
Han er en af ​​verdens mest respekterede videnskabsmænd.	He is one of the world's most respected scientists.
De har sat deres lid til dig.	They've put their trust in you.
De sætter deres lid til dig.	They put their trust in you.
Han bor i et eksklusivt kvarter.	He lives in an upmarket neighbourhood.
Han bor i et eksklusivt kvarter.	He lives in an exclusive neighbourhood.
Han bor i en fornem del af byen.	He lives in a posh part of town.
Han er barmy.	He's barmy.
Du er virkelig en bemærkelsesværdig person.	You're really a remarkable person.
De gad ikke gå i seng.	They didn't want to go to bed.
De ville ikke gå i seng.	They weren't going to go to bed.
Hun vil følge dit råd.	She'll follow your advice.
Han har analyseret resultaterne.	He has analysed the results.
Han analyserede resultaterne.	He analysed the results.
Bill og hans yngre bror ligner ikke hinanden.	Bill and his younger brother don't look alike.
Det, han sagde i går, modsiger det, han sagde i sidste uge.	What he said yesterday contradicts what he said last week.
Det, han sagde i går, er i modstrid med det, han sagde i sidste uge.	What he said yesterday conflicts with what he said last week.
Hans mor sidder til venstre for ham.	His mother is sitting to the left of him.
Hans mor sidder til venstre for ham.	His mother is sitting on his left.
Drikker Tom ofte mælk?	Does Tom often drink milk?
Hvad har han skrevet på tavlen?	What has he written on the board?
Hvad skrev han på tavlen?	What did he write on the board?
Alle siger, at han ligner sin far.	Everyone says he looks just like his father.
De hviskede.	They were whispering.
Jeg vil spille poker.	I want to play poker.
Ser du den store bog?	Do you see that big book?
Kan du se den store bog?	Can you see that large book?
Han har ikke engang åbnet den.	He hasn't even opened it.
Har du ansatte, der taler japansk?	Do you have employees who speak Japanese?
Har du personale, der taler japansk?	Do you have any staff who speak Japanese?
De sover efter frokost.	They're having a sleep after lunch.
De holder en eftermiddagskip.	They're having an afternoon kip.
De sover en eftermiddagslur.	They're having an afternoon nap.
Hvad skal der til aftensmad i dag?	What's for dinner today?
Hvad er der til te i dag?	What's for tea today?
Linda vil fortælle dig.	Linda will tell you.
Du burde gå nu.	You ought to go now.
De var på stationen.	They were at the station.
De var på banegården.	They were at the railway station.
Du var på stationen.	You were at the station.
Du var på banegården.	You were at the railway station.
Alle hyggede sig.	Everyone was having fun.
Alle hyggede sig.	Everyone was enjoying themselves.
Alle hyggede sig.	Everyone enjoyed themselves.
Næste gang skal du gå.	Next time you'll have to go.
Du bliver nødt til at tage dertil næste gang.	You'll have to go there next time.
Hun var bekymret for sine børns fremtid.	She was worried about her children's future.
Citroner smager surt.	Lemons taste sour.
Linda vil tænke over det.	Linda will think about it.
Nogle mennesker er farveblinde: de er ikke i stand til at skelne mellem bestemte farver.	Some people are colour-blind: they are unable to distinguish between certain colours.
Dan har lagt alle sine slips i vaskemaskinen.	Dan has put all his ties in the washing machine.
Dan lagde alle sine slips i vaskemaskinen.	Dan put all his ties in the washing machine.
Folk klæder sig varmt om vinteren.	People dress up warm in winter.
Hvad så du efter det?	What did you see after that?
Åbningstiderne er de samme alle dage undtagen lørdage og søndage.	The opening times are the same for all days except Saturdays and Sundays.
Åbningstiderne er de samme alle dage undtagen lørdage og søndage.	The opening times are the same every day except for Saturdays and Sundays.
Tager Tom ofte på ture?	Does Tom often take trips?
Orion er et af de stjernebilleder, der er nemmest at genkende.	Orion is one of the constellations most easy to recognise.
Orion er en af ​​de nemmeste konstellationer at genkende.	Orion is one of the easiest constellations to recognise.
Orion er et af de lettest genkendelige stjernebilleder.	Orion is one of the most easily recognised constellations.
I virkeligheden ser det helt anderledes ud.	In reality it looks completely different.
Hun kommer fra Schweiz.	She comes from Switzerland.
De føler sig tiltrukket af hinanden.	They feel drawn to each other.
Hvem passer dine hunde?	Who is looking after your dogs?
Kan du ikke gå lidt lavere på prisen?	Can't you go a bit lower on the price?
Kan du ikke sætte prisen lidt ned?	Can't you lower the price a bit?
Hun har aldrig sagt noget om det.	She has never said anything about it.
Hun har aldrig sagt noget om det.	She hasn't ever said anything about it.
Hun sagde aldrig noget om det.	She never said anything about it.
Hun vil hvile et par dage.	She will rest for a few days.
Hun skal hvile et par dage.	She's going to rest for a few days.
Hun skal have et par dages hvile.	She's going to have a few days' rest.
Du har allerede gjort nok for ham.	You've already done enough for him.
John forsøgte forgæves at løse problemet.	John tried in vain to work out the problem.
Hans fejl kostede ham dyrt.	His mistakes cost him dear.
Hans fejl kostede ham dyrt.	His errors cost him dearly.
Noget ved ham er mærkeligt.	Something about him is odd.
Alt hvad du har hørt er korrekt.	Everything you've heard is correct.
Jeg vil tage en taxa.	I want to take a cab.
Undskyld for i går.	Sorry for yesterday.
Hvem kender deres vej rundt i dette hus bedre end hun gør?	Who knows their way round this house better than she does?
Hvem kender deres vej rundt i dette hus bedre end hende?	Who knows their way round this house better than her?
Ifølge statistikken vil befolkningen i denne by være fordoblet på fem år.	According to the statistics, the population of this city will have doubled in five years.
Romanen blev oversat til syv sprog.	The novel was translated into seven languages.
Da Richard så, at Paul var gået, gik han ind i rummet.	Seeing that Paul had gone, Richard went into the room.
Da han så, at Paul var gået, gik Richard ind i rummet.	When he saw that Paul had left, Richard went into the room.
Han skulle ikke være kommet tilbage hertil.	He shouldn't have come back here.
For at toppe det hele begyndte det at regne.	To top it all, it began to rain.
For at dække det hele begyndte det at regne.	To cap it all, it began to rain.
Det er ikke kært.	That's not dear.
Det er ikke dyrt.	That's not expensive.
Hvornår fejrer du dine forældres bryllupsdag?	When are you celebrating your parents' wedding anniversary?
Hvornår fejrer du dine forældres bryllupsdag?	When do you celebrate your parents' wedding anniversary?
Der er meget at lave i øjeblikket.	There's a lot to do at the moment.
Hun satte sig ved siden af ​​ham og lyttede stille til ham.	She sat down next to him and listened to him quietly.
De gik for at lege i parken efter skole.	They went to play in the park after school.
Han røg hele tiden.	He was smoking all the time.
Han røg hele tiden.	He was smoking the whole time.
Han røg hele tiden.	He was smoking the entire time.
Han røg hele tiden.	He smoked the entire time.
For ti år siden var der stadig en smal bro over denne flod.	Ten years ago there was still a narrow bridge over this river.
Der var stadig en smal bro over denne flod for ti år siden.	There still used to be a narrow bridge over this river ten years ago.
Han har fundet et vidunderligt sted for Mary at bo.	He has found a wonderful place for Mary to stay.
Han fandt et vidunderligt sted for Mary at bo.	He found a marvellous place for Mary to stay.
Han stod ankeldybt i vand.	He stood ankle-deep in water.
Han stod ankeldybt i vand.	He was standing ankle-deep in water.
Det er lige begyndt at sne.	It has just started to snow.
Det er lige begyndt at sne.	It has just begun to snow.
Det er lige begyndt at sne.	It has just started snowing.
Glasset var fyldt til randen.	The glass was full to the brim.
Det regner, efter at have været dejligt i ugevis.	It's raining, after having been lovely for weeks on end.
Det var skødesløst af ham at lade døren stå åben.	It was careless of him to leave the door open.
Børnene gik i skole med bussen.	The children went to school on the bus.
Hun kan ikke lide livet i denne by.	She doesn't like life in this city.
Hendes ansigt blev pludselig bleg.	Her face suddenly went pale.
Pludselig blev hendes ansigt blegt.	All of a sudden her face turned pale.
Du kom på arbejde med Tom i morges.	You came to work with Tom this morning.
Alle skolens klasseværelser er netop blevet ommalet.	All the school's classrooms have just been repainted.
Denne squash smager surt.	This squash tastes sour.
Har Tom planer om at gå igen?	Does Tom plan to go again?
Denne frugtjuice smager surt.	This fruit juice tastes sour.
Det er minus 10 grader i øjeblikket.	It's minus 10 degrees at the moment.
Bladene falder et efter et til jorden.	The leaves are falling one by one to the ground.
Bladene falder til jorden efter hinanden.	The leaves are falling to the ground one after the other.
Bladene sejler en efter en til jorden.	The leaves are sailing one by one to the ground.
Det ene efter det andet sejler bladene til jorden.	One after the other, the leaves sail to the ground.
Studerer han i øjeblikket?	Is he studying at the moment?
Det ser ud til, at priserne vil stige igen.	It seems prices will rise again.
Han er stadig ikke vant til at bo i byen.	He's still not used to living in the city.
Han er stadig ikke vant til bylivet.	He's still not used to city life.
Han er stadig ikke vant til at bo i byen.	He's still not used to city living.
Du skulle have set billedet.	You should have seen the photo.
Du skulle have set billedet.	You should have seen the photograph.
Han forklarede sagens kendsgerninger grundigt.	He explained the facts of the matter thoroughly.
Jeg vil have dig til at ændre dig.	I want you to change.
Han kunne ikke se så langt i tågen.	He couldn't see all that far in the fog.
Er du blevet stukket af et insekt?	Have you been stung by an insect?
Hun rejser på cykel.	She's travelling by bike.
Hun rejser på cykel.	She travels by bike.
Filmen, han var med i, opnåede ikke den succes, man havde håbet på.	The film he was in didn't achieve the success that had been hoped for it.
Filmen, hvori han spillede en rolle, opnåede ikke den succes, man håbede på.	The film in which he played a part didn't achieve the success hoped for it.
Filmen, han var med i, opnåede ikke den forventede succes.	The film he was in didn't achieve the success expected.
Luften er lun.	The air is sultry.
Luften er fugtig.	The air is humid.
Tiberen flyder gennem Rom.	The Tiber flows through Rome.
Fabios bil er parkeret overfor Elenas hus.	Fabio's car is parked opposite Elena's house.
Disse støvler er lavet af læder.	These boots are made of leather.
Hans mening er anderledes end hendes.	His opinion differs from hers.
Hun havde gættet rigtigt.	She had guessed right.
Hun skal nok blive lærer.	She will probably become a teacher.
Det betyder ikke, at alle kan lide denne bog.	It doesn't mean that everyone likes this book.
Det lugter af kommende valg.	It smacks of coming elections.
Spiller Tom ofte skak?	Does Tom play chess often?
Klokketårnet i Sevillas katedral hedder La Giralda.	The bell tower of Seville's cathedral is called La Giralda.
Mike og hans søster taler fransk, men ikke japansk.	Mike and his sister speak French, but not Japanese.
Dette kort er tegnet i en målestok på 1:300.000.	This map is drawn to a scale of 1:300,000.
Dette dæk er ret slidt.	This tyre is fairly worn.
Dette dæk er ret slidt.	This tyre is quite worn.
Dette dæk er ret slidt.	This tyre is pretty worn.
Kragen græd højlydt.	The crow cawed loudly.
Kragen kajede højt.	The crow was cawing loudly.
Denne gade er gruset, når den er iskolt.	This street is gritted when it's icy.
Denne vej er gruset, når den er iset.	This road is gritted when it's icy.
De gruser denne vej, når den er isglad.	They grit this road when it's icy.
Han kan klare det.	He can manage it.
Alexander går jævnligt i supermarkedet.	Alexander goes to the supermarket regularly.
Den dag var meget stormfuld.	That day was very stormy.
Det var meget stormfuldt den dag.	It was very stormy that day.
Den dag var meget turbulent.	That day was very turbulent.
Hvornår blev dette slot bygget?	When was this castle built?
Motoren er oversvømmet.	The engine's flooded.
Det er en halv times gang herfra til stationen.	It's half an hour's walk from here to the station.
Herfra til banegården tager en halv time til fods.	From here to the railway station takes half an hour on foot.
Herfra til banegården er der en halv times gang.	From here to the railway station is half an hour's walk.
Kan du overhovedet se noget i mørket?	Can you see anything at all in the dark?
Hvad foretrækker du: æbler, appelsiner eller vindruer?	Which do you prefer: apples, oranges or grapes?
Han kunne ikke høre dig.	He couldn't hear you.
Han kunne ikke høre dig.	He wasn't able to hear you.
Elefanten løftede en tung træstamme op.	The elephant lifted up a heavy tree trunk.
Du er en født digter.	You're a born poet.
Priserne er de seneste ti år steget med halvtreds procent.	Prices in the last ten years have risen by fifty per cent.
Jeg havde næsten ikke lagt røret på, da telefonen ringede igen.	I had hardly hung up when the telephone rang again.
Jeg havde næsten ikke lagt telefonen fra mig, da den ringede igen.	I had hardly put the phone down when it rang again.
Det er omkring ti minutter herfra til stationen.	It's about ten minutes from here to the station.
Herfra til banegården tager cirka ti minutter.	From here to the railway station takes about ten minutes.
Hvad vil du gerne lave, så længe du er her?	What would you like to do as long as you're here?
Rumskibet foretager rejser fra planet til planet.	The spaceship makes voyages from planet to planet.
Gederne brægede i stalden.	The goats bleated in the barn.
Du virker ikke ked af det.	You don't seem upset.
Gederne brægede i laden.	The goats were bleating in the barn.
Naturen i denne region er stadig uspoleret.	Nature in this region is still unspoilt.
Han var tavs gennem hele debatten.	He was silent throughout the whole debate.
Han sagde intet gennem hele debatten.	He said nothing throughout the whole debate.
Han holdt stille under hele diskussionen.	He kept quiet throughout the whole discussion.
Hvis du vil hjælpe ham, så tal meget med ham.	If you want to help him, speak to him a lot.
Hvad har du der i hånden?	What have you got there in your hand?
Han har lange arme og ben.	He has long arms and legs.
Han har lange arme og ben.	He's got long arms and legs.
Han kan ikke skelne mellem grønt og blåt.	He can't tell green and blue apart.
Han kan ikke kende forskel på grøn og blå.	He can't tell the difference between green and blue.
Han kan ikke skelne mellem grøn og blå.	He can't distinguish between green and blue.
Tag din brolly - de spår regn.	Take your brolly – they forecast rain.
Tag din paraply – der er varslet regn.	Take your umbrella – rain is forecast.
Vil du efterlade ham en besked?	Would you like to leave him a message?
Vinterens tidsplan er ændret.	The winter timetable has changed.
Hvordan arbejder du med denne maskine?	How do you work this machine?
Hvordan betjenes denne maskine?	How is this machine operated?
Han har for nylig taget på.	He has recently put on weight.
Han er taget på på det seneste.	He's put on weight lately.
Han er taget på for nylig.	He's put on weight recently.
Du kunne have fået bedre eksamensresultater.	You could have had better exam results.
Du kunne have fået bedre eksamensresultater.	You could've had better exam results.
Du kunne have fået bedre eksamensresultater.	You could have got better exam results.
Du kunne have fået bedre eksamensresultater.	You could've got better exam results.
Du kunne have gjort det bedre i dine eksamener.	You could have done better in your exams.
Du kunne have gjort det bedre i dine eksamener.	You could've done better in your exams.
Han vil blive meget ked af det, når han finder ud af det.	He'll be very upset when he finds out.
Når han finder ud af det, bliver han meget ked af det.	When he finds out about it he'll be very upset.
Dette museum har en fantastisk samling af moderne kunst.	This museum has a marvellous collection of modern art.
Det museum har en vidunderlig samling af moderne kunst.	That museum has a wonderful collection of modern art.
Det er bare at slå tolv.	It's just striking twelve.
Klokken er præcis tolv.	It's twelve exactly.
"Seks pence i sekundet," mindede Bob ham om.	"Six pence a second," Bob reminded him.
Du har et smukt slips på.	You're wearing a handsome tie.
Du har et smart slips på.	You're wearing a smart tie.
Det er en svær nød at knække!	That's a tough nut to crack!
De kan tale en smule spansk.	They can speak a smattering of Spanish.
De er i stand til at tale en smule spansk.	They're able to speak a smattering of Spanish.
Har Tom virkelig brug for dette?	Does Tom really need this?
Jeg er ligeglad med, hvad du synes.	I care what you think.
Synger Tom i badet?	Does Tom sing in the bath?
"Tom snorker så højt om natten, at jeg ikke kan sove i samme værelse som ham."	"Tom snores so loudly at night that I can't sleep in the same room as him."
"Få nogle ørepropper!	"Get some earplugs!
De gør underværker for mig og John, og gud ved, at han flader hele skove om natten.	They work wonders for me and John, and goodness knows he flattens whole forests at night.
Selv naboen hører ham."	Even the neighbour hears him."
Jeg læser meget.	I do a lot of reading.
"Vil du gå ind i køkkenet og se, om kaffen er filtreret igennem endnu?"	"Would you pop into the kitchen and see whether the coffee has filtered through yet?"
"Jeg har kun lige tændt perkolatoren.	"I've only just switched the percolator on.
Du havde glemt at trykke på knappen."	You'd forgotten to press the button."
En kraftfuld radiokilde ved navn Sagittarius A* er blevet opdaget i centrum af galaksen.	A powerful radio source named Sagittarius A* has been discovered at the centre of the Galaxy.
Ifølge aktuel forskning er det et supermassivt sort hul med en solmasse på omkring fire millioner.	According to current research, it is a supermassive black hole with a solar mass of about four million.
Har Tom stadig en hund?	Does Tom still have a dog?
"Må jeg få noget af den chokoladebudding i køleskabet?"	"Can I have some of that chocolate pudding in the fridge?"
"Absolut ikke.	"Absolutely not.
Det er til gæsterne i morgen."	It's for the guests tomorrow."
"Øh, gæster er dumme!	"Ugh, guests are stupid!
De får altid de bedste ting!"	They always get the best stuff!"
"Må jeg få noget af den chokoladebudding i køleskabet?"	"Can I have some of that chocolate pudding in the fridge?"
"Du kan få den idé ud af dit hoved.	"You can get that idea out of your head.
Det er til gæsterne i morgen."	It's for the guests tomorrow."
"Øh, gæster er dumme!	"Ugh, guests are stupid!
De får altid de bedste ting!"	They always get the best stuff!"
Jeg gør sådan noget.	I do things like that.
Spiller Tom stadig skak?	Does Tom still play chess?
Jeg har ingen køer.	I don't have any cows.
Tager Tom ofte på ture?	Does Tom take trips often?
Jeg kan ikke lide kartofler.	I don't like potatoes.
Tror Tom, at han kan vinde?	Does Tom think he can win?
Jeg kan ikke lide den hund.	I don't like that dog.
Det er okay nu.	It's okay now.
Tror Tom, at det vil regne?	Does Tom think it'll rain?
Jeg kan ikke lide bryllupper.	I don't like weddings.
Tror Tom, at det kommer til at sne?	Does Tom think it'll snow?
Når alt kommer til alt, er tungen ikke det organ, folk taler med?	After all, isn’t the tongue the organ that people speak with?
Hvorfor skal der tales latin, hvis romerne har været døde i meget lang tid?	Why should Latin be spoken, if Romans have been dead for a very long time?
Vil Tom have en hamburger?	Does Tom want a hamburger?
Jeg nyder at svømme runder.	I enjoy swimming laps.
Vil Tom have en til?	Does Tom want another one?
Jeg nyder at se golf.	I enjoy watching golf.
Vil Tom købe det?	Does Tom want to buy that?
Jeg forventer, at du svarer.	I expect you to reply.
Nyder Tom gamle film?	Does Tom enjoy old films?
Jeg kender mange canadiere.	I know a lot of Canadians.
Tag et kig på denne tegning.	Please take a look at this drawing.
Jeg ved ikke, hvad jeg skal sige.	I don't know what I'm supposed to say.
Maxwell studerer gamle manuskripter.	Maxwell studies ancient manuscripts.
Jeg har det godt lige nu.	I feel good right now.
Der er en kirke i nærheden af ​​huset.	There is a church near the house.
Jeg solgte min bil i mandags.	I sold my car last Monday.
Jeg føler mig som en pioner.	I feel like a pioneer.
Jeg er altid hjemme om mandagen.	I'm always home on Monday.
Jeg har et lånerkort.	I have a library card.
Lad os gøre det næste mandag.	Let's do that next Monday.
Jeg skal afsted i dag.	I have to leave today.
Skal jeg komme næste mandag?	Should I come next Monday?
Man dækker ikke munden på en tærskehest.	One doesn't cover the mouth of a threshing horse.
Jeg hører nogen græde.	I hear someone crying.
Undlad at snuse en okse, mens den træder ud af kornet.	Do not muzzle an ox while it is treading out the grain.
Han er ung og umoden.	He's young and immature.
I dag er det mandag, ikke?	Today is Monday, isn't it?
Jeg har tænkt mig at starte nu.	I intend to start now.
Tom var her ikke i mandags.	Tom wasn't here on Monday.
Jeg kender mange vittigheder.	I know a lot of jokes.
Han fortabte sig i mindernes tåge.	He got lost in the fog of memories.
Vidste Tom, hvad det var?	Did Tom know what that was?
Jeg ved, hvordan det sker.	I know how it happens.
Samis konto virker falsk.	Sami's account seems fake.
Hvad er der inde i den?	What's inside of it?
Denne server er kun tilgængelig via vores VPN.	This server is available only through our VPN.
Hæld et glas vand til mig.	Please pour me a glass of water.
Hjertet banker.	The heart is beating.
Hans hjerte banker.	His heart is beating.
Hendes hjerte banker.	Her heart is beating.
Syntes Tom, det var sjovt?	Did Tom think that was fun?
Jeg ved, hvordan det startede.	I know how it started.
Hvilken smuk sætning!	What a beautiful sentence!
Er Tom enig eller uenig?	Does Tom agree or disagree?
Jeg anbefaler stærkt at gøre det med det samme.	I highly recommend doing that right away.
Jeg ved, hvordan de gør det.	I know how they do it.
Tror Tom på spøgelser?	Does Tom believe in ghosts?
Jeg ved, hvordan man stopper det.	I know how to stop it.
Spiser Tom meget fisk?	Does Tom eat a lot of fish?
Hvad laver du i dag, svigerdatter?	What are you doing today, daughter in law?
Jeg ved, hvordan du gjorde det.	I know how you did it.
Jeg kan ikke se tårer i dit ansigt, vel?	I don’t see tears on your face, do I?
Hvad siger du så?	What are you saying then?
Tager Tom nogensinde til Boston?	Does Tom ever go to Boston?
Jeg kender den nøjagtige dato.	I know the exact date.
Har Tom det bedre i dag?	Does Tom feel better today?
Jeg ved, hvad jeg skylder dig.	I know what I owe you.
Går Tom ofte i byen?	Does Tom go downtown often?
Tom var ikke syg.	Tom wasn't ill.
Jeg ved, hvad de vil have.	I know what they want.
Har Tom en brun frakke?	Does Tom have a brown coat?
Jeg ved, hvad jeg skal gøre nu.	I know what to do now.
Har Tom en motorcykel?	Does Tom have a motorcycle?
Tatoeba er et fantastisk værktøj til at studere sprog.	Tatoeba is an amazing tool for the study of languages.
Jeg ved, hvad du synes.	I know what you think.
Har Tom en af ​​disse?	Does Tom have one of these?
Jeg ved, hvad der vil ske.	I know what'll happen.
Skal Tom hjælpe Mary?	Does Tom have to help Mary?
Vi skal lære at respektere hinanden mere.	We need to learn to respect each other more.
Jeg ved, hvem der stak mig.	I know who stabbed me.
Har Tom tænkt sig at gøre det?	Does Tom intend to do that?
Jeg ved, hvem manden er.	I know who the man is.
Ved Tom, hvordan man gør det?	Does Tom know how to do it?
Er hun brun, blond eller rødhåret? – Jeg ved det ikke.	Is she brown, blonde or red-haired? – I don't know.
Jeg ved hvem der har skrevet det.	I know who wrote that.
De tog det forkerte fly.	They took the wrong plane.
Kender Tom disse mennesker?	Does Tom know those people?
Jeg ved, hvem der vil gøre det.	I know who'll do that.
Har der været flere på hinanden følgende sjæle i mig, eller er jeg ét ubevidst væsen?	Have there been several successive souls in me, or am I one unconscious being?
"Fortæl mig, Tom.	"Tell me, Tom.
Hvad er du ked af?"	What are you sad about?"
"Hele verden."	"El mundo entero."
Ved Tom, hvor jeg bor?	Does Tom know where I live?
Jeg ved, hvem der er involveret.	I know who's involved.
Ved Tom, hvor vi er?	Does Tom know where we are?
Jeg ved, hvorfor de gør det.	I know why they do it.
Hvorfor er det, at jeg aldrig stopper med at huske, at jeg glemte dig?	Why is it that I never stop remembering that I forgot you?
Jeg kender dit rigtige navn.	I know your real name.
Denne gang er du heldig.	This time, you're lucky.
Ved Tom, hvem de er?	Does Tom know who they are?
Jeg kan godt lide at være tjener.	I like being a waiter.
Ved Tom hvorfor du gik?	Does Tom know why you left?
Jeg kan godt lide pulveriseret sukker.	I like powdered sugar.
Kan Tom lide italiensk mad?	Does Tom like Italian food?
Jeg kan godt lide romanske romaner.	I like romance novels.
Kan Tom lide mexicansk mad?	Does Tom like Mexican food?
Jeg kan godt lide at tage chancer.	I like taking chances.
Kan Tom lide det i Boston?	Does Tom like it in Boston?
Jeg har brug for en forklaring.	I need an explanation.
Kan Tom lide jordbær?	Does Tom like strawberries?
Jeg skal afsted i dag.	I need to leave today.
Hun fandt ud af, at hun på den måde kunne undgå at tænke på sin far.	She found that this way she could avoid thinking about her father.
Kan Tom godt lide at spille golf?	Does Tom like to play golf?
Jeg stiller ofte spørgsmål.	I often ask questions.
Kan Tom godt lide at have hatte på?	Does Tom like to wear hats?
Jeg drikker ofte tequila.	I often drink tequila.
Kan Tom lide at arbejde her?	Does Tom like working here?
Jeg spiser ofte svampe.	I often eat mushrooms.
Jeg kan godt lide at lære om nye lande.	I like learning about new countries.
Jeg bliver ofte deprimeret.	I often get depressed.
Har Tom brug for en lommelygte?	Does Tom need a flashlight?
Jeg holder ofte ferie.	I often take holidays.
Behøver Tom at gå nu?	Does Tom need to leave now?
Jeg planlægger at være der.	I plan on being there.
Her er min hund.	Here's my dog.
Går Tom ofte på indkøb?	Does Tom often go shopping?
Det planlægger jeg at ændre på.	I plan to change that.
Har Tom planer om at tage til udlandet?	Does Tom plan to go abroad?
Jeg planlægger at tage afsted i dag.	I plan to leave today.
Planlægger Tom at blive længe?	Does Tom plan to stay long?
Jeg putter sukker i min te.	I put sugar in my tea.
Spiller Tom mandolin?	Does Tom play the mandolin?
Jeg kan virkelig godt lide østers.	I really like oysters.
Alt var på sin plads.	Everything was in its place.
Skal Tom virkelig gå?	Does Tom really have to go?
Der er lidt mælk tilbage.	There is some milk left.
Jeg vil rigtig gerne synge.	I really want to sing.
Er du færdig med at male det rum?	Have you finished painting that room?
Bor Tom virkelig alene?	Does Tom really live alone?
Hvilken studieretning har du valgt?	What field of study have you chosen?
Jeg vil rigtig gerne stoppe.	I really want to stop.
Har Tom virkelig brug for en bil?	Does Tom really need a car?
Hvad er klokken fem om eftermiddagen i Paris, hvad er klokken i Moskva?	At five o'clock in the afternoon in Paris, what time is it in Moscow?
Jeg genkender lyden.	I recognize the sound.
Har Tom virkelig brug for disse?	Does Tom really need these?
Jeg husker, hvad jeg spiste.	I remember what I ate.
Hun vågner klokken syv.	She wakes up at seven o'clock.
Mener Tom virkelig det?	Does Tom really think that?
Jeg husker, hvad jeg gjorde.	I remember what I did.
Hader Tom stadig fransk?	Does Tom still hate French?
Jeg skal afsted klokken fire om eftermiddagen.	I have to leave at four o'clock in the afternoon.
Jeg tror, ​​jeg hører til her.	I think I belong here.
Tom kan ikke lide at arbejde her, gør han?	Tom doesn’t like working here, does he?
Har Tom stadig brug for et lån?	Does Tom still need a loan?
Jeg tror, ​​jeg kan gøre det her.	I think I can do this.
Spiller Tom stadig hockey?	Does Tom still play hockey?
Stien deler sig på dette tidspunkt.	The path forks at this point.
Jeg synes, jeg skal synge.	I think I should sing.
Skriver Tom stadig musik?	Does Tom still write music?
Jeg tror, ​​jeg vil være alene.	I think I'll be alone.
Han er ikke den mest uddannede mand.	He's not the most educated man.
Taler Tom med sine planter?	Does Tom talk to his plants?
Jeg tror, ​​jeg kommer tidligt.	I think I'll be early.
Synes Tom det er rimeligt?	Does Tom think that's fair?
Jeg tror, ​​jeg vil nyde det.	I think I'll enjoy it.
Tror Tom, at vi er blinde?	Does Tom think we're blind?
Jeg tror, ​​jeg tager afsted i dag.	I think I'll go today.
Vil Tom have en øl til?	Does Tom want another beer?
Unge mennesker har ingen følelse af fare overhovedet.	Young people have no sense of danger at all.
Jeg tror, ​​jeg er blevet blødere.	I think I've mellowed.
Vil Tom også med?	Does Tom want to come, too?
Jeg tror, ​​det kan ske.	I think it can happen.
Vil Tom blive her?	Does Tom want to stay here?
Jeg tror, ​​det bliver nemt.	I think it'll be easy.
Ser Tom meget tv?	Does Tom watch a lot of TV?
Jeg tror, ​​jeg vinder.	I think that I'll win.
Du må elske ham meget.	You must love him very much.
Det er ikke en svaghed.	It's not a weakness.
Jeg kom hjem i mandags.	I arrived home last Monday.
Tom er en synder.	Tom is a sinner.
Maria er en synderi.	Mary is a sinner.
Mary bar diamantøreringe.	Mary wore diamond earrings.
Mary bar store øreringe.	Mary wore large earrings.
Mary bar store guldøreringe.	Mary wore large gold earrings.
Det her vil ikke bare gå væk.	This isn't going to just go away.
Dette problem vil ikke bare forsvinde.	This problem isn't going to just go away.
Hans smil varmede hendes hjerte.	His smile warmed her heart.
Toms smil varmede Marys hjerte.	Tom's smile warmed Mary's heart.
Jeg lader Tom gøre, hvad han vil.	I let Tom do what he wants.
Jeg er overrasket over, at det tog dig så lang tid.	I'm surprised it took you this long.
Jeg er overrasket over, at det tog ham så lang tid.	I'm surprised it took him this long.
Jeg er overrasket over, at det tog Tom så lang tid.	I'm surprised it took Tom this long.
Jeg er overrasket over, at det tog hende så lang tid.	I'm surprised it took her this long.
Disse tilhørte vores mor.	These belonged to our mother.
Disse tilhørte min mor.	These belonged to my mother.
Dette tilhørte vores mor.	This belonged to our mother.
Dette tilhørte min mor.	This belonged to my mother.
Jeg tror, ​​det skete.	I think that happened.
Tom sidder fast i juridisk limbo.	Tom is stuck in legal limbo.
Flygtningene sidder fast i juridisk limbo.	The refugees are stuck in legal limbo.
Mary trak sit hår tilbage i en knold.	Mary pulled her hair back in a bun.
Jeg ved, hvor meget du elskede ham.	I know how much you loved him.
Jeg ved, hvor meget du elskede Tom.	I know how much you loved Tom.
Jeg ved, hvor meget du elskede hende.	I know how much you loved her.
Jeg ved, hvor meget du elskede Mary.	I know how much you loved Mary.
Jeg tilbragte noget tid med Tom.	I spent some time with Tom.
En ny undersøgelse baseret på fossiliserede fodspor tyder på, at en forhistorisk slægtning til moderne krokodiller gik på to bagben.	A new study based on fossilized footprints suggests a prehistoric relative of modern crocodiles walked on two hind legs.
Man mente oprindeligt, at de fossiliserede fodspor tilhørte en pterosaur - en flyvende dinosaur - der havde gået på to ben.	The fossilized footprints had originally been thought to belong to a pterosaur — a flying dinosaur — that had been walking on two legs.
Jeg tror, ​​at det hjælper.	I think that it helps.
Yderligere analyse af aftrykkene tyder på, at de faktisk tilhørte en tobenet krokodille.	Further analysis of the prints suggests that they actually belonged to a bipedal crocodile.
Dette er det første bevis fra denne tidsperiode på en tobenet krokodylomorf, en forgrenet, forskelligartet gruppe af dyr, der inkluderer krokodiller og deres uddøde slægtninge.	This is the first evidence from this time period of a bipedal crocodylomorph, a branching, diverse group of animals that includes crocodilians and their extinct relatives.
Forskerne navngav den nye art Batrachopus grandis.	The researchers named the new species Batrachopus grandis.
Fodsporene var 18 til 24 centimeter lange, hvilket tyder på, at væsnernes kroppe var næsten 3 meter lange.	The footprints were 18 to 24 centimeters long, suggesting that the creatures’ bodies were almost 3 meters long.
Det er et stykke tid siden, jeg har danset.	It's been a while since I've danced.
Han er glad for dig.	He is fond of you.
Han er glad for hende.	He is fond of her.
Tom er glad for dig.	Tom is fond of you.
Tom er glad for Mary.	Tom is fond of Mary.
Du er ikke min søn.	You're not my son.
Jeg har ikke lavet meget.	I haven't been doing much.
Jeg arbejder lige så hårdt, som Tom gør.	I work as hard as Tom does.
Jeg synes, det er mærkeligt.	I think that it's odd.
Lad os gøre klar til mandag.	Let's get ready for Monday.
Han må elske dig meget.	He must love you very much.
Jeg savner ikke mit gamle liv.	I don't miss my old life.
Tom savner ikke sit gamle liv.	Tom doesn't miss his old life.
Jeg tror, ​​de gjorde dette.	I think they did this.
Mary bar store guldringøreringe.	Mary wore large gold hoop earrings.
Mary bar store bøjleøreringe.	Mary wore large hoop earrings.
Vi ses på mandag klokken tre.	See you on Monday at three.
Jeg tror, ​​de kunne lide mig.	I think they liked me.
"Jeg elsker at høre engelsk tale med fransk accent," sagde Tom.	"I love hearing English spoken with a French accent," Tom said.
"Hvorfor?	"Why?
Ikke kun fordi det er dejligt, men fordi det hjælper mig med at identificere, hvem taleren er."	Not just because it's delightful, but because it helps me identify who the speaker is."
Festen var mandag aften.	The party was Monday night.
Det tror jeg, vi gør.	I think we'll do that.
Tom har meget travlt om mandagen.	Tom is very busy on Mondays.
Jeg synes du er kedelig.	I think you're boring.
Har du fri på mandag?	Will you be free on Monday?
Jeg plejer at låse min bil.	I usually lock my car.
Kunne Tom lide din nye skjorte?	Did Tom like your new shirt?
Jeg har normalt et jakkesæt på.	I usually wear a suit.
Troede Tom, at det var sandt?	Did Tom think that was true?
Det vil jeg have lige nu.	I want that right now.
Kender Tom virkelig Mary?	Does Tom actually know Mary?
Jeg vil gerne tage på i vægt.	I want to gain weight.
Er Tom ligeglad med, hvem der hjælper ham?	Does Tom care who helps him?
Jeg vil have dig til at gå væk.	I want you to go away.
Der er noget mælk tilbage.	There's some milk left.
Har Tom, hvad han har brug for?	Does Tom have what he needs?
Du virker ikke bange.	You don't seem scared.
Ved Tom, hvordan Mary døde?	Does Tom know how Mary died?
Han kan lide at klæde sig ud som kvinde.	He likes to dress as a woman.
Jeg tror, ​​jeg vil gøre det.	I believe I'll do that.
Ved Tom, hvad du sagde?	Does Tom know what you said?
Jeg tror på astrologi.	I believe in astrology.
Der er is på vejen.	There's ice on the road.
Taler Tom meget med Mary?	Does Tom talk to Mary a lot?
Gaden er iset.	The street is icy.
Bor du i en by eller ude på landet?	Do you live in a town or out in the country?
Bor du i en by eller på landet?	Do you live in a town or in the country?
Kan du tænde lyset, tak?	Could you turn the light on, please?
Kan du tænde lyset, tak?	Could you switch the light on, please?
Kan du være venlig at tænde lyset?	Could you please turn on the light?
Kan du være venlig at tænde lyset?	Could you please switch the light on?
Hun tilbragte mere end fire måneder i udlandet.	She spent more than four months abroad.
Hvordan bruger du dette kort?	How do you use this card?
Hvordan bruges dette kort?	How is this card used?
En stor flaske mineralvand, tak.	A large bottle of mineral water, please.
Jeg tror, ​​det er sandt.	I believe this is true.
Lægen tager sine runder.	The doctor is doing his rounds.
Landsbyen er afskåret fra omverdenen.	The village is cut off from the outside world.
Det giver nogle nye muligheder.	It gives rise to some new possibilities.
Dette antyder nogle nye muligheder.	This suggests some new possibilities.
Hun er meget ambitiøs og meget følsom.	She's very ambitious and very sensitive.
Han bliver let distraheret.	He is easily distracted.
Han bliver let distraheret.	He's easily distracted.
Det var hans syvende dag på øen.	It was his seventh day on the island.
Hvor længe er det siden han sidst så hende?	How long has it been since he last saw her?
Der var en vis stædighed i hans stemme.	There was a certain stubbornness in his voice.
Der var en vis stædighed i hans stemme.	There was a certain obstinacy in his voice.
Den skandinaviske sommer er desværre kort.	The Scandinavian summer is short, unfortunately.
Han er tjener, men også skuespiller.	He's a waiter, but also an actor.
Han jonglerer med tre fulde flasker mineralvand, hvilket er svært, som man kunne forestille sig.	He's juggling three full bottles of mineral water, which is difficult, as might be imagined.
Han jonglerer med tre fulde flasker mineralvand, hvilket, som du måske forestiller dig, er svært.	He's juggling three full bottles of mineral water which, as you might imagine, is difficult.
Du er på den anden side en søvnig hoved.	You on the other hand are a sleepyhead.
Alle ordene er hentet fra det almindelige nutidssprog.	All the words are taken from ordinary present-day language.
Efter 1970 vendte han opmærksomheden mod portrætter.	After 1970 he turned his attention to portraits.
Alt dette kræver koncentration og energi.	This all demands concentration and energy.
Der er ingen billeder, men du kan ikke få alt.	There aren't any pictures, but you can't have everything.
Der er ingen billeder, men man kan ikke få alt.	There are no pictures, but you can't have everything.
Dette er det bedste af det hele.	This is the best of all.
Dette er det bedste af partiet.	This is the best of the lot.
Han kom aldrig ud over det grundlæggende.	He never got beyond the basics.
Han er aldrig kommet ud over det grundlæggende.	He has never got beyond the basics.
"Risning for frost i lavtliggende områder," sagde de i vejrudsigten.	"A chance of frost in low-lying areas," they said in the weather forecast.
"En chance for frost i lavtliggende områder," lyder vejrudsigten.	"A chance of frost in low-lying areas," the weather forecast said.
"Kan eksamen ikke tages om?"	"Can't the exam be retaken?"
"Det kan det, men først efter et år."	"It can, but only after a year."
"Kan du ikke tage eksamen igen?"	"Can't you resit the exam?"
"Det kan du, men først efter et år."	"You can, but only after a year."
Hun er en ekstremt genert kvinde.	She is an extremely shy woman.
Det er umuligt at føle sig lykkelig under sådanne omstændigheder.	It's impossible to feel happy under such circumstances.
Det er umuligt at føle sig lykkelig under sådanne forhold.	It's impossible to feel happy in conditions like that.
Din utrættelige indsats fortjener tak.	Your tireless efforts deserve thanks.
Sonja gjorde arbejdet frivilligt.	Sonja did the work voluntarily.
Sonja klarede opgaven frivilligt.	Sonja did the job voluntarily.
Først nu indså han, at han var kommet dybt ind i skoven.	Only now did he realise that he had come deep into the forest.
Først nu indså han, at han var kommet dybt ind i skoven.	Only now did he realise he had come deep into the wood.
Der gik en halv time, hvor hun så sig omkring på alt uden at bemærke, at skibet allerede var sejlet.	Half an hour passed, during which she looked around at everything without noticing the ship had already sailed.
Efter at have bemærket, at ræven var gået, krøb haren ud af sin hule under jorden.	Noticing the fox had gone, the hare crept out from its burrow underground.
Da haren opdagede, at ræven var gået, dukkede den op fra sin underjordiske bolig.	When the hare realised the fox had gone, it emerged from its underground dwelling.
Da haren bemærkede, at ræven var gået, krøb den ud fra sit underjordiske hjem.	When the hare noticed that the fox had gone, it crept out from its underground home.
På trods af de høje glædesråb så kongen, at hans undersåtters ansigter var stive og anspændte.	In spite of the loud cries of joy, the king saw that the faces of his subjects were stiff and tense.
Han akkompagnerer sine sange med sørgelige akkorder spillet på en citer af dårlig kvalitet.	He accompanies his songs with sorrowful chords played on a poor-quality zither.
Han akkompagnerer sine sange med triste akkorder spillet på en risikable citer.	He accompanies his songs with sad chords played on a dodgy zither.
Sejren i konkurrencen var ingen trøst for hende.	Victory in the competition was no consolation to her.
To timer senere var hun ikke længere halvfuld – mere som trekvart.	Two hours later she was no longer half-drunk – more like three-quarters.
Du sagde det vidunderligt.	You said that wonderfully.
Du formulerer det fantastisk.	You put that wonderfully.
Du sagde det perfekt.	You said that perfectly.
Hvis du taler hen over hovedet på lytterne, vil de nikke væk.	If you talk over the heads of the listeners, they'll nod off.
Han forlod mødet for at nå toget.	He left the meeting to catch the train.
Han vaskede tallerkenerne op for at overraske hende.	He washed the plates up to surprise her.
Han malede væggene for at lyse op i rummet.	He painted the walls to brighten up the room.
Han malede væggene for at lyse op i rummet.	He was painting the walls to brighten up the room.
Han spiste kun lidt, så der ville være noget til overs til morgenmaden.	He ate only a little, so there would be something left over for breakfast.
Han spiste ikke meget og ville gerne have noget tilbage til morgenmad.	He didn't eat much, wanting to leave some over for breakfast.
Det småregn, men det regnede ikke.	It drizzled, but it didn't rain.
Det regnede, men det regnede ikke.	It was drizzling, but it didn't rain.
En kontorstol bør være forsynet med ryglæn.	An office chair should be fitted with a backrest.
Kontorstole skal have ryglæn.	Office chairs should have backrests.
Vil Tom have dig til at prøve det?	Does Tom want you to try it?
De koster meget, men de er ikke op til meget.	They cost a lot, but they're not up to much.
De koster meget, men de er ikke meget gode.	They cost a lot, but they're not much good.
Ingen ved det bedre end han.	No one knows that better than he does.
Ingen ved det bedre end ham.	No one knows that better than him.
Markedspladsen er byens centrale offentlige plads.	The marketplace is the city's central public square.
Markedspladsen er byens centrale offentlige rum.	The marketplace is the town's central public space.
Her og der bliver gadenettets regelmæssighed uventet afbrudt af smalle, snoede baner.	Here and there, the regularity of the street grid is unexpectedly interrupted by narrow, winding lanes.
Abbedens tidligere barokke residens huser nu byhistorisk museum.	The former baroque residence of the abbot now houses the town history museum.
Abbederne fyldte deres kasse med indtægter fra salg af øl.	The abbots filled their coffers with the proceeds from selling beer.
Abbederne fyldte deres kasse med indtægter fra salg af øl.	The abbots were filling their coffers with the proceeds from selling beer.
Sandsynligheden for, at det nogensinde sker, er forsvindende lille.	The probability that it will ever happen is vanishingly small.
Solens korona er den yderste del af Solens atmosfære.	The Sun's corona is the outermost part of the Sun's atmosphere.
Det hverken regner eller sner i dag, men der er lidt lette hagl.	It's neither raining nor snowing today, but there is some light hail.
Det øser hverken ned derude eller kun regner – det småregner bare.	It's neither pouring down out there, nor merely raining – it's just drizzling.
Mændene vendte tilbage før natten faldt på.	The men returned before nightfall.
Mændene kom tilbage før natten faldt på.	The men came back before nightfall.
De høje bjerge på sydsiden af ​​dalen spærrer for solens stråler.	The tall mountains on the south side of the valley block out the sun's rays.
De høje bjerge på sydsiden af ​​dalen spærrer for solens stråler.	The tall mountains on the south side of the valley are blocking out the sun's rays.
De høje bjerge på sydsiden af ​​dalen spærrer for solens vej.	The tall mountains on the south side of the valley block the path of the sun.
De høje bjerge på sydsiden af ​​dalen blokerer for solens vej.	The tall mountains on the south side of the valley are blocking the path of the sun.
De høje bjerge på sydsiden af ​​dalen spærrer for solens stråler.	The tall mountains on the south side of the valley block the path of the sun's rays.
Der er tolv lys på fødselsdagskagen.	There are twelve candles on the birthday cake.
Her er to glas: det første er fyldt, det andet er tomt.	Here are two glasses: the first is full, the other is empty.
Der er flere gamle møbler i dette rum.	There are several old pieces of furniture in this room.
Det rum har flere gamle møbler.	That room has several old pieces of furniture.
Hvad ville der ske, hvis Jorden holdt op med at dreje rundt om sin akse?	What would happen if the Earth stopped spinning on its axis?
Bier har travlt med at samle nektar fra blomster og forvandle den til honning.	Bees are busily collecting nectar from flowers and turning it into honey.
Bier har travlt med at samle nektaren fra blomster og forvandle den til honning.	Bees are busy collecting the nectar from flowers and turning it into honey.
Bier samler travlt nektar fra blomster og forvandler den til honning.	Bees busily collect nectar from flowers and turn it into honey.
Genkender du din brors håndskrift her?	Do you recognise your brother's handwriting here?
Har hun aldrig sagt noget om det spørgsmål?	Hasn't she ever said anything about that issue?
Har hun aldrig før sagt noget om denne sag?	Hasn't she ever before said anything about this matter?
Skiltes I på gode vilkår?	Did you part on good terms?
Lærebogen skal vise betydningen af ​​hvert enkelt ord ved hjælp af et billede.	The textbook is supposed to show the meaning of each individual word using a picture.
Lærebogen vil vise betydningen af ​​hvert ord ved hjælp af et billede.	The textbook will show the meaning of every word using a picture.
Lærebogens billeder vil vise betydningen af ​​de enkelte ord.	The textbook's pictures will show the meanings of individual words.
Efter teksten følger en øvelse, som lærere kan bruge til at få eleverne til at tale.	Following the text is an exercise which teachers can use to prompt pupils to speak.
Efter teksten er en øvelse.	Following the text is an exercise.
Lærere kan bruge det til at få eleverne til at tale.	Teachers can use it to prompt pupils to speak.
Efter teksten følger en øvelse, som lærerne skal bruge til at få eleverne til at tale.	Following the text is an exercise which teachers should use to prompt pupils to speak.
Efter teksten er en øvelse.	Following the text is an exercise.
Lærere bør bruge det til at få eleverne til at tale.	Teachers should use it to prompt pupils to speak.
Læreren læste hver sætning op for sig.	The teacher read out every sentence separately.
Han holdt en kort pause, før han fortsatte sin historie.	He paused briefly before continuing his story.
Han holdt en kort pause, før han fortsatte sin fortælling.	He paused briefly before continuing his narrative.
Han holdt en kort pause, før han fortsatte sin beretning.	He paused briefly before continuing his account.
Sommersolen står højt på himlen.	The summer sun is high in the sky.
Det ville koste for meget.	That would cost too much.
Du kender resten.	You know the rest.
HC Andersens eventyr gjorde ham til den mest berømte dansker i verden.	Hans Christian Andersen's fairy tales made him the most famous Dane in the world.
Jeg bekymrer mig om, hvad folk siger.	I care what people say.
Hvad irriterer dig ved din partners adfærd?	What annoys you about your partner's behaviour?
Hvad med din partners adfærd irriterer dig?	What about your partner's behaviour annoys you?
Når du lærer et sprog, lærer du ikke bare ord.	When you learn a language, you don't just learn words.
Kan du se de bjerge?	Do you see those mountains?
Kan du se de bjerge?	Can you see those mountains?
Disse projekter kom i gang, men uden nogen synlige resultater.	Those projects did get off the ground, but without any apparent results.
Jeg solgte mit hus i mandags.	I sold my house last Monday.
En hund løb efter katten.	A dog ran after the cat.
En hund løb efter katten.	A dog was running after the cat.
Bortset fra et par fejl, er det en god bog.	Apart from a few mistakes, it's a good book.
Bortset fra et par fejl, er det en god bog.	Apart from a few errors, it's a good book.
Bortset fra nogle få mangler er det en god bog.	Apart from a few shortcomings, it's a good book.
De var løbet tør for tålmodighed.	They had run out of patience.
Deres tålmodighed var slut.	Their patience was at an end.
Når han taler om sin hobby, tager han altid et seriøst udtryk på.	Whenever he gets talking about his hobby, he always puts on a serious expression.
Hver gang han taler om sin hobby, sætter han altid et seriøst ansigt på.	Whenever he gets talking about his hobby, he always puts on a serious face.
Når han kommer rundt for at tale om sin hobby, antager han altid en seriøs luft.	Whenever he comes round to speaking about his hobby, he always assumes a serious air.
Det er stort set rigtigt.	It's largely right.
Det er stort set korrekt.	It's largely correct.
Han fandt sit kontor uden problemer.	He found his office without any difficulty.
Hun handlede helt spontant.	She acted completely spontaneously.
Hvor gammel kan hendes bedstefar være?	How old might her grandfather be?
Hvor gammel kan deres bedstefar være?	How old might their grandfather be?
Forfatteren, der er født i Wien i 1960, fik sit litterære gennembrud som 30-årig med en roman om den franske revolution.	The author, born in Vienna in 1960, made his literary breakthrough at the age of 30 with a novel about the French Revolution.
Han håbede, at han var bestået.	He hoped that he had passed.
Han håbede, han var bestået.	He hoped he had passed.
Han håbede, han var bestået.	He was hoping he'd passed.
Han håbede, at han havde haft succes.	He hoped he had been successful.
Han håbede, at han havde haft succes.	He was hoping he'd been successful.
Han håbede, at det var lykkedes.	He hoped he had succeeded.
Han håbede, at det var lykkedes.	He was hoping he had succeeded.
Den skjorte burde stryges.	That shirt ought to be ironed.
John smadrede ruden i går.	John smashed the windowpane yesterday.
John knuste ruden i går.	John broke the windowpane yesterday.
Har du noget varmt?	Have you got something warm?
Har du noget varmt?	Have you got anything warm?
Har du noget varmt?	Do you have something warm?
Har du noget varmt?	Do you have anything warm?
Butikken har været lukket siden klokken fem.	The shop has been closed since five o'clock.
Butikken har været lukket siden klokken fem.	The shop's been shut since five o'clock.
Hans nye roman udkommer i næste måned.	His new novel is out next month.
Hvornår går bogen i trykken?	When does the book go to press?
Han har brugt ferien på at gøre sit hus op.	He's spent the holidays doing up his house.
Han har brugt ferien på at lave DIY.	He's spent the holidays doing DIY.
Han brugte ferien på at gøre sit hus op.	He spent the holidays doing up his house.
Han brugte ferien på at lave DIY.	He spent the holidays doing DIY.
Det er uden sammenligning hans mest interessante roman.	That's by far his most interesting novel.
Det er hans mest interessante roman med et langt kridt.	That's his most interesting novel by a long chalk.
Hvilken dag passer dig i denne uge?	Which day suits you this week?
Det ser ud til, at det bliver dejligt igen i dag.	It looks as if it's going to be nice again today.
De er tilsyneladende kommet på det forkerte tog.	They've apparently got on the wrong train.
De steg tilsyneladende på det forkerte tog.	They apparently got on the wrong train.
Kender du den mand der ser på dig?	Do you know that man there who's looking at you?
Han krydsede Atlanten på en lille sejlbåd.	He crossed the Atlantic on a small sailing boat.
Der er helt stille i dette hus.	It's all quiet in this house.
Han krydsede Atlanten på en lille sejlbåd.	He was crossing the Atlantic on a small sailing boat.
Det var et ærefrygtindgydende landskab.	That was an awe-inspiring landscape.
Det landskab var sublimt.	That landscape was sublime.
Jeg tjener ikke ret meget.	I don't earn very much.
Han læser før han sover.	He reads before sleeping.
Han læser før han skal sove.	He reads before he goes to sleep.
Han læser før han skal sove.	He reads before going to sleep.
Det ville han aldrig tro.	He would never believe that.
Det ville han aldrig tro.	He would never think that.
Efter manuelt arbejde kan I alle gå hjem.	After manual labour, you may all go home.
Hvad har du fået at drikke: øl, spiritus, vin eller champagne?	What have you had to drink: beer, spirits, wine or champagne?
Da han fik øje på ham, blev han bleg.	When he caught sight of him, he went pale.
Da han fik øje på ham, blev han bleg.	When he caught sight of him, he turned pale.
Det heliocentriske syn på verden, hvor Solen er i centrum af universet, beskrives også som det kopernikanske system.	The heliocentric view of the world, in which the Sun is at the centre of the universe, is also described as the Copernican system.
Det repræsenterer et skridt fremad fra det geocentriske syn på Ptolemæus.	It represents a step forward from the geocentric view of Ptolemy.
Da Tom lå og drømte på engen en klar nat og så et stjerneskud strege højt over ham hen over himlen, ønskede han inderligt, at Mary ville give ham kærligheden tilbage.	As Tom lay dreaming on the meadow one clear night, seeing a shooting star streak high above him across the sky he wished dearly that Mary would return his love.
Da jeg forlod alle de mennesker...	When I left all those people...
Den unge kvinde holder øje med produktionsprocessen fra start til slut.	The young woman is keeping check on the production process from start to finish.
Hun kom sig gradvist.	She gradually recovered.
Efterårets dage er ved at være slut, og vinteren sætter snart ind.	Autumn days are coming to an end, and winter will soon set in.
Du har et godt øre for musik.	You've got a good ear for music.
Jeg arbejder lige så mange timer som Tom.	I work as many hours as Tom.
Fejlen blev udbedret.	The fault was repaired.
Ringede du til mig i går morges?	Did you phone me yesterday morning?
Jeg får ikke meget søvn.	I don't get much sleep.
Billedet er skævt.	The picture is wonky.
Hvad laver du på mandag?	What're you doing on Monday?
Jeg har ikke en hjemmeside.	I don't have a website.
Ved Tom hvorfor vi er her?	Does Tom know why we're here?
Det er for bredt.	That's too wide.
Jeg behøver ikke købe det.	I don't have to buy it.
Har Tom stadig din nøgle?	Does Tom still have your key?
Jeg behøver ikke at skifte.	I don't have to change.
Stoler Tom på din dømmekraft?	Does Tom trust your judgment?
Jeg hører ikke særlig godt.	I don't hear very well.
Jeg så den film i mandags.	I saw that movie last Monday.
Jeg kan ikke lide computere.	I don't like computers.
Læs kapitel tre inden mandag.	Read chapter three by Monday.
Det synes jeg er meget sjovt.	I find that very funny.
Har Tom en telefon?	Does Tom have a phone?
Grøntsagerne i den butik så ikke særlig friske ud.	The vegetables at that store didn't look very fresh.
Hvor mange mennesker forventer du at være til din fest?	How many people do you expect to be at your party?
Vil Tom have hjælp?	Does Tom want any help?
Folk fra mange forskellige lande var der.	People from many different countries were there.
Jeg tror, ​​Tom gjorde det.	I believe Tom did that.
Har du stadig den paraply, jeg gav dig?	Do you still have that umbrella I gave you?
Jeg ved, hvor høj Tom er.	I know how tall Tom is.
Min moster købte det samme kamera som dig.	My aunt bought the same camera as you have.
Min onkel købte det samme kamera som du har.	My uncle bought the same camera as you have.
Her er en liste over ting, jeg gerne vil gøre.	Here's a list of things that I want to do.
Jeg ved, hvad Tom købte.	I know what Tom bought.
Tag dig god tid.	Take your time.
Der er ingen grund til at skynde sig.	There's no need to hurry.
Jeg lod Tom lege udenfor.	I let Tom play outside.
Jeg skal være hjemme klokken 14.30 i eftermiddag.	I have to be home by 2:30 this afternoon.
Jeg kan godt lide at tale fransk.	I like to speak French.
Denne moderne bygning i Baku blev bygget af Zaha Hadid.	This modern-looking building in Baku was built by Zaha Hadid.
Zoo vil sandsynligvis være overfyldt i morgen.	The zoo will likely be crowded tomorrow.
Denne moderne bygning på Heydar Aliyev Avenue 1 i Baku, Aserbajdsjan, blev bygget af Zaha Hadid.	This modern-looking building at 1 Heydar Aliyev Avenue in Baku, Azerbaijan, was built by Zaha Hadid.
Jeg købte denne souvenir i en museumsbutik i kunstcentret på Heydar Aliyev Avenue 1 i Baku, Aserbajdsjan.	I bought this souvenir at a museum shop at the arts center on 1 Heydar Aliyev Avenue in Baku, Azerbaijan.
Jeg planlægger at besøge Boston.	I plan to visit Boston.
Hvad tid er din læges tid?	What time is your doctor's appointment?
Jeg planlægger at vente på Tom.	I plan to wait for Tom.
Nogle af os vil også være her i morgen.	Some of us will be here tomorrow, too.
Måske vil loven en dag endda tillade os at stemme.	Perhaps one day the law will even permit us to vote.
Vi er ikke bange for kæder.	We are not afraid of chains.
Jeg tror, ​​Tom hørte Mary.	I think Tom heard Mary.
Julia: "Vi frygter ikke lænker."	Julia: “We do not fear chains.”
Fundania: "Så meget sandt, vi binder os selv med kæder til deres dørstolper, så vi ikke kan fjernes."	Fundania: “So very true, we tie ourselves with chains to their doorposts, so that we cannot be removed.”
Skal du også arbejde i weekenden?	Do you need to work this weekend, too?
Stille, kammerater!	Quiet, comrades!
Jeg tror, ​​Tom bor her.	I think Tom lives here.
Mit værelse er mindre end min brors.	My room is smaller than my brother's.
Jeg er nødt til at give et par svar.	I need to give a few responses.
Jeg vil have Tom til at købe det.	I want Tom to buy that.
Jeg mener, at kvinderne skal lyttes til.	I believe the women should be listened to.
Min yndlingsdessert er is.	My favorite dessert is ice cream.
Jeg siger, at byen nu har for meget ekstravagance.	I say that the city now has too much extravagence.
Jeg har også noget, jeg må sige.	I also have something I must say.
Kan Tom lide æblekage?	Does Tom like apple pie?
Det tror jeg, at jeg gerne vil gøre.	I think that I'd like to do that.
Tom havde Johns pyjamas på.	Tom wore John's pajamas.
Kan du gå til butikken for mig?	Could you go to the store for me?
Kan Tom lide hans timer?	Does Tom like his classes?
Lad os holde en housewarming-fest.	Let's have a housewarming party.
Tom havde Johns pyjamas på.	Tom had John's pajamas on.
Jeg spiser ikke ofte mellem måltiderne.	I don't often eat between meals.
Havde Tom nogen solcreme?	Did Tom have any sunscreen?
Hvornår er dette billede taget?	When was this photograph taken?
Går Tom normalt hjem?	Does Tom usually walk home?
Vent på mig.	Wait for me.
Jeg kommer snart tilbage.	I'll be back soon.
Det kunne jeg ikke lade Tom gøre.	I couldn't let Tom do that.
Mary Cavendish lagde sin hånd på min arm.	Mary Cavendish laid her hand upon my arm.
Tom sænkede stemmen til en hvisken.	Tom lowered his voice to a whisper.
Jeg tror, ​​hun er blevet forgiftet!	I believe she has been poisoned!
Denne kaffe smager ikke godt.	This coffee doesn't taste good.
Jeg adlød hende modvilligt.	I obeyed her reluctantly.
Hans fravær var mærkeligt og uforklarligt.	His absence was strange and inexplicable.
Toms fravær var mærkeligt og uforklarligt.	Tom's absence was strange and inexplicable.
Der var ingen tvivl om, at det øjeblik var kommet for mig at tage føringen.	There was no doubt that the moment had come for me to take the lead.
Vi ønsker ikke nogen unødvendig skandale.	We don't want any unnecessary scandal.
Han sagde, at han skulle til frisøren.	He said he was going to the barber’s.
"Men han er ikke vendt tilbage siden?"	“But he hasn’t returned since?”
"Herre nej.	“Lord no.
Hvad ville du?”	What did you want?”
Krigen varede tre år.	The war lasted three years.
Jeg vil gerne præsentere min ven for dig.	I would like to introduce my friend to you.
Han solgte nogle vurderinger på markedet til en købmand fra Pella.	He sold some assess at the market to a merchant from Pella.
Jeg er aldrig gået i skinny dipping.	I've never gone skinny dipping.
Hvordan ser din Saurea ud?	What does your Saurea look like?
En maler kunne ikke bedre beskrive sin lighed.	A painter could not better describe his likeness.
Hans vidnesbyrd var afgørende.	His testimony was crucial.
Kan Tom virkelig lide dette?	Does Tom actually like this?
"Hvordan ser din Saurea ud?"	“What does your Saurea look like?”
"Tynde kinder, temmelig rødmossete, pot-mavede, vilde øjne, gennemsnitlig højde og en skulen."	“Thin cheeks, rather ruddy, pot-bellied, savage eyes, average height and a scowl.”
Din have er meget smuk.	Your garden is very beautiful.
Min kæreste hedder Lenka.	My girlfriend's name is Lenka.
Vi slutter os snart til dig.	We will join you soon.
Bor Tom virkelig her?	Does Tom actually live here?
Jeg tror, ​​det kan være en defekt.	I think it might be a defect.
Enhver, der møder ham, når han er vred, bliver tæsket.	Anyone who meets him when he’s angry gets thrashed.
Hvad har du lavet på det seneste?	What've you been up to lately?
Er Tom ligeglad, når vi går?	Does Tom care when we leave?
Jeg har alt, hvad jeg har brug for.	I have everything that I need.
Berber tilhører den samme afroasiatiske sprogfamilie, som semitiske sprog tilhører.	Berber belongs to the same Afroasiatic language family that Semitic languages belong to.
Berber afviger fra semitiske sprog, mens de stadig tilhører den samme afroasiatiske familie, som semitiske sprog tilhører.	Berber diverges from Semitic languages while still belonging to the same Afroasiatic family that Semitic languages belong to.
Kabyle er et berbersprog.	Kabyle is a Berber language.
Synes Tom det er irriterende?	Does Tom find that annoying?
Jeg elsker Niger-Congo sprog.	I love Niger-Congo languages.
Shawiya er et berbersprog.	Shawiya is a Berber language.
Tawellemmet er et berbersprog.	Tawellemmet is a Berber language.
Tamahaq er et berbersprog.	Tamahaq is a Berber language.
Det er et finsk-ugrisk sprog.	It's a Finno-Ugric language.
Tak for at stå op for mig.	Thanks for standing up for me.
Hvorfor stod du ikke op for mig?	Why didn't you stand up for me?
Jeg har også nogle andre ideer.	I have some other ideas, too.
Jeg elsker indo-iranske sprog.	I love Indo-Iranian languages.
Jeg elsker iranske sprog.	I love Iranian languages.
Jeg elsker indo-ariske sprog.	I love Indo-Aryan languages.
Jeg elsker de tochariske sprog.	I love the Tocharian languages.
Jeg elsker anatolske sprog.	I love Anatolian languages.
Jeg elsker sprogisolater.	I love language isolates.
Har Tom et kreditkort?	Does Tom have a credit card?
Hindustani er et indo-arisk sprog.	Hindustani is an Indo-Aryan language.
Hindi og urdu er standardiserede varianter af det hindustanske sprog.	Hindi and Urdu are standardized varieties of the Hindustani language.
Jeg elsker vestiranske sprog.	I love Western Iranian languages.
Jeg elsker østiranske sprog.	I love Eastern Iranian languages.
Avestan og oldpersisk var gamle iranske sprog.	Avestan and Old Persian were Old Iranian languages.
Jeg vil ikke købe denne.	I don't want to buy this one.
Den blå rose er virkelig smuk.	The blue rose is really beautiful.
De vasker mine æbler.	They're washing my apples.
Har Tom meget tid?	Does Tom have a lot of time?
Er dit hus langt herfra?	Is your house far from here?
Har Tom nogen planer endnu?	Does Tom have any plans yet?
Det er farligt at køre på is.	Driving on ice is dangerous.
Har Tom planer i aften?	Does Tom have plans tonight?
Jeg troede, Mary var Tom.	I thought Mary was Tom.
Tror du, at vi vinder?	Do you think that we'll win?
Ved Tom, hvordan man jonglerer?	Does Tom know how to juggle?
Det er åbenbart sukker.	That is obviously sugar.
Hvor meget betalte du for det?	How much did you pay for that?
Det er åbenbart sukker.	That's obviously sugar.
Hvor meget betalte du for det?	How much did you pay for that?
Kendte du nogen der?	Did you know anybody there?
Jeg læste omkring halvdelen af ​​denne detektivroman.	I read about half of this detective novel.
Kender Tom området godt?	Does Tom know the area well?
Jeg tror, ​​at vi taber.	I think that we're losing.
Ved Tom, hvad han skal tage med?	Does Tom know what to bring?
Det tror jeg, vi har brug for.	I think that we need that.
Du er en blid dreng.	You are a gentle boy.
Ved Tom, hvad du har brug for?	Does Tom know what you need?
Jeg blev hjemme hele weekenden.	I stayed home all weekend.
Ved Tom, hvor vi bor?	Does Tom know where we live?
Tom taler russisk.	Tom speaks Russian.
Tom taler russisk.	Tom is speaking Russian.
Dette er en farlig blanding.	This is a dangerous mixture.
Han opdagede noget i dette hus.	He discovered something in this house.
Har du fortrudt at have gjort det?	Did you regret doing that?
Ved Tom, hvem der sagde det?	Does Tom know who said that?
Kan Tom lide sci-fi-film?	Does Tom like sci-fi movies?
Jeg tror, ​​det er mit.	I think that that's mine.
Har Tom brug for min hjælp?	Does Tom need my assistance?
Jeg tror, ​​jeg er uheldig.	I think that I'm unlucky.
Hvad får en person til at begå grusomheder?	What makes a person commit atrocities?
Har Tom stadig brug for min hjælp?	Does Tom still need my help?
Jeg ved, hvad du forventede.	I know what you expected.
Tror Tom, at jeg skal gå?	Does Tom think I need to go?
Det problem har jeg også.	I have that problem, too.
Taler han fransk?	Does he speak French?
Tror Tom, at jeg er skyldig?	Does Tom think I'm to blame?
Jeg planlægger at gå på pension snart.	I plan on retiring soon.
Vi er ved at vokse op.	We are growing up.
Synes Tom, at Mary er sød?	Does Tom think Mary is cute?
Tom havde ikke travlt med at blive enig.	Tom was in no hurry to agree.
Det ved jeg meget om.	I know a lot about that.
Jeg siger ikke andet end den almindelige sandhed.	I'm saying nothing but the plain truth.
Min søster leger med bolden.	My sister is playing with the ball.
Dette er livet!	This is the life!
Han lader som om han er syg.	He's pretending to be sick.
Han lader som om han er syg.	He's pretending to be ill.
Tror Tom, at det vil virke?	Does Tom think it will work?
Jeg siger ikke andet end den rene sandhed.	I'm saying nothing but the pure truth.
Tom mangler et par sandwich til en picnic.	Tom is a few sandwiches short of a picnic.
Jeg er nødt til at ringe til nogen.	I have to call somebody.
Alle vidste, at Toms fransk havde været godt.	Everyone knew that Tom's French had been good.
Tak for din bekymring	Thank you for your concern
Tror Tom, at vi er dumme?	Does Tom think we're stupid?
Jeg har mange muligheder.	I have a lot of options.
Vil Tom noget andet?	Does Tom want anything else?
Jeg har en masse bagage.	I have a lot of luggage.
Vil Tom have mig til at gå væk?	Does Tom want me to go away?
Behøver vi at tage afsted nu?	Do we need to leave now?
Vil Tom have nogle pandekager?	Does Tom want some pancakes?
Hvem har lavet disse cookies?	Who made these cookies?
Vil Tom med?	Does Tom want to come along?
Jeg har aldrig affyret en pistol.	I've never fired a gun.
Vil Tom herfra?	Does Tom want to leave here?
Jeg bekymrer mig om risikoen.	I worry about the risk.
Vil Tom se på det?	Does Tom want to look at it?
Jeg har slips på hver dag.	I wear a tie every day.
Ringede du til Tom eller skrev du til ham?	Did you call Tom or text him?
Jeg vil stoppe med at arbejde.	I want to stop working.
Ved Tom, hvad Mary sagde?	Does Tom know what Mary said?
Jeg vil blive hjemme.	I want to stay at home.
Har Tom stadig brug for vores hjælp?	Does Tom still need our help?
Jeg vil sælge min jord.	I want to sell my land.
Synes Tom, at Mary er sjov?	Does Tom think Mary is funny?
Jeg vil i kirke.	I want to go to church.
Musik udtrykker det, der ikke kan siges i ord.	Music expresses what cannot be said in words.
Tror Tom, at Mary er glad?	Does Tom think Mary is happy?
Jeg vil gå alene.	I want to go by myself.
Vil Tom have mig til at spørge Mary?	Does Tom want me to ask Mary?
Jeg vil gerne involveres.	I want to get involved.
Jeg vil have, hvad Tom har.	I'll have what Tom is having.
Det var ikke for varmt.	It wasn't too hot.
Jeg ønsker at blive skilt.	I want to get divorced.
Ved Tom, hvor Mary tog hen?	Does Tom know where Mary went?
Jeg vil gerne blive solbrændt.	I want to get a suntan.
Havde Tom Johns pyjamas på?	Tom was wearing John's pajamas?
Det vil jeg gøre her.	I want to do that here.
Jeg har kun tre timer i dag.	I only have three classes today.
Jeg vil gerne købe denne.	I want to buy this one.
Jeg vil gerne være pedel.	I want to be a janitor.
Tom og hans kone flyttede til Boston.	Tom and his wife moved to Boston.
Jeg vil have et fuldtidsjob.	I want a full-time job.
Busserne kører hvert 30. minut.	The buses run every thirty minutes.
Jeg har normalt pyjamas på.	I usually wear pajamas.
Vi boede på et dejligt hotel i Boston.	We stayed at a nice hotel in Boston.
Tidskapslen åbnes om halvtreds år.	The time capsule will be opened in fifty years.
Et mineselskab har suspenderet planer om at udvide en mine i det vestlige Australien på grund af frygt for, at det kan ødelægge snesevis af indfødte hellige steder.	A mining company has suspended plans to expand a mine in Western Australia because of fears it could destroy dozens of indigenous sacred sites.
Jord ligger i hjertet af den oprindelige kultur, og det har enorm åndelig, fysisk og social betydning.	Land lies at the heart of indigenous culture, and it has immense spiritual, physical and social importance.
Jorden ses som skabelsens Moder og en levende, åndende masse, der er fuld af hemmeligheder og visdom.	The earth is seen as the Mother of creation, and a living, breathing mass that is full of secrets and wisdom.
Aboriginal australiere udgør omkring 3 procent af befolkningen.	Aboriginal Australians make up about 3 per cent of the population.
Professionel fodbold er genoptaget i Italien.	Professional soccer has resumed in Italy.
Juventus spillede mod AC Milan i Torino i anden kamp i den italienske pokalsemifinale.	Juventus played against AC Milan in Turin in the second leg of the Italian cup semi-final.
Jeg har normalt smykker på.	I usually wear jewelry.
Denne britiske kunsthandler anses for at være blandt verdens førende forhandlere af plyndrede antikviteter.	This British art dealer is considered to be among the world's leading traffickers of looted antiquities.
Den britiske kunsthandler er under undersøgelse af græske og italienske myndigheder for angiveligt at have spillet en central rolle i handel med stjålne genstande til private samlere og museer i Vesten.	The British art dealer is under investigation by Greek and Italian authorities for allegedly playing a pivotal role in trafficking stolen artifacts to private collectors and museums in the West.
Bronzehesten mangler den slags papirspor, der typisk ledsager antikke artefakter, der lovligt eksporteres ud af Grækenland.	The bronze horse lacks the kind of paper trail that typically accompanies ancient artifacts legally exported out of Greece.
I henhold til græsk lov er alle antikviteter fundet i landet statsejendom.	Under Greek law, all antiquities found in the country are state property.
Hvad er forskellen mellem en hest og en pony?	What's the difference between a horse and a pony?
Er du sikker på, det var Tom og ikke John?	Are you sure it was Tom and not John?
Jeg plejer at bruge en pude.	I usually use a pillow.
Har Tom mere end én computer?	Does Tom have more than one computer?
Jeg tror, ​​du klarer det.	I think you'll make it.
Jeg planlægger at blive i to eller tre dage.	I plan to stay for two or three days.
Det tror jeg, du vil gøre.	I think you'll do that.
Tom og Mary handler i det samme supermarked.	Tom and Mary shop at the same supermarket.
Gå og lær.	Go and learn.
Jeg tror, ​​du ville nyde det.	I think you'd enjoy it.
Kom du på arbejde med Tom i morges?	Did you come to work with Tom this morning?
Jeg synes, vi skal blive.	I think we should stay.
Tom og hans bror bor ikke i samme by.	Tom and his brother don't live in the same city.
Det synes jeg er mærkeligt.	I think that's strange.
I morgen er det mandag, ikke?	Tomorrow is Monday, isn't it?
Jeg er nødt til at ringe til nogen.	I have to call someone.
Forventer Tom, at jeg gør det?	Does Tom expect me to do that?
Jeg hører nogen græde.	I hear somebody crying.
Jeg håber at se dig næste mandag.	I hope to see you next Monday.
Jeg ved meget om kunst.	I know a lot about art.
Jeg kommer mandag eftermiddag.	I'll come on Monday afternoon.
Jeg ved, hvordan det skete.	I know how it happened.
Ved Tom, hvor Mary bor?	Does Tom know where Mary lives?
Jeg ved, hvad jeg skal gøre her.	I know what to do here.
Tror Tom, at han kan vinde?	Does Tom think that he can win?
Jeg ved, hvad jeg skal gøre.	I know what to do next.
Skal du arbejde næste mandag?	Do you have to work next Monday?
Jeg ved, hvad der er derinde.	I know what's in there.
Jeg mødte Tom sidste mandag til frokost.	I met Tom last Monday for lunch.
Jeg ved, hvor jeg vil begynde.	I know where I'd begin.
Vi spiller basketball hver mandag.	We play basketball every Monday.
Jeg ved, hvor jeg skal bo.	I know where I'll live.
Vi spiller volleyball hver mandag.	We play volleyball every Monday.
Du besøgte Malta.	You visited Malta.
Jeg ved, hvor jeg skal placere den.	I know where to put it.
Får Tom betalt for at gøre det?	Does Tom get paid for doing that?
Jeg ved, hvem den dreng er.	I know who that boy is.
Tror Tom stadig på spøgelser?	Does Tom still believe in ghosts?
Jeg ved, hvem den mand er.	I know who that man is.
Jeg gik ingen steder i mandags.	I didn't go anywhere last Monday.
Jeg ved, hvem der står bag.	I know who's behind it.
Jeg arbejder lige så mange timer, som Tom gør.	I work as many hours as Tom does.
Jeg ved hvorfor det skete.	I know why it happened.
Jeg vil gerne holde fri næste mandag.	I'd like to take next Monday off.
Jern er et metal.	Iron is a metal.
Jeg kan godt lide at drikke kaffe.	I like drinking coffee.
Tror Tom virkelig, at jeg vil det her?	Does Tom really think I want this?
Jeg kan godt lide havregrynssmåkager.	I like oatmeal cookies.
Hænger Tom stadig ud med Mary?	Does Tom still hang out with Mary?
Jeg holder meget af den idé.	I like that idea a lot.
Vi tager til Boton på mandag.	We'll be going to Boton on Monday.
Jeg kan lide det, jeg ser.	I like what I'm seeing.
Jeg skal arbejde sent næste mandag.	I'll have to work late next Monday.
Hvis du skulle have en formodning om, hvor Tom kunne gå hen, hvis han ville gemme sig, hvor ville du så sige?	If you had to hazard a conjecture as to where Tom might go if he wanted to hide, where would you say?
Jeg har brug for brugermanualen.	I need the user manual.
Kunne nogen komme ind i en katolsk kirke så nøgen som Adam og Eva blev skabt?	Could someone enter a Catholic church as naked as Adam and Eve were created?
Taler Tom nogensinde fransk med dig?	Does Tom ever speak French with you?
Jeg har brug for din tilladelse.	I need your permission.
Jeg har fødselsdag næste år en mandag.	My birthday is on a Monday next year.
Jeg kan huske, at jeg købte denne.	I remember buying this.
Jeg solgte tre af mine heste i mandags.	I sold three of my horses last Monday.
Jeg husker, hvad jeg sagde.	I remember what I said.
Vil Tom blive hjemme igen i dag?	Does Tom want to stay home again today?
Jeg tror, ​​jeg kan spise det her.	I think I can eat this.
Næste mandag skal jeg i zoologisk have med Tom.	Next Monday, I'll go to the zoo with Tom.
Jeg kan ikke lide spaghetti.	I don't like spaghetti.
Tom ved, at de leder efter ham.	Tom knows that they are looking for him.
Tom ved, at de leder efter ham.	Tom knows that they are searching for him.
Tom vil stoppe.	Tom wants to stop.
Åbn din lærebog.	Open your textbook.
Tom vil have os til at gå.	Tom wants us to go.
Jeg bor tæt på en flod.	I live near a river.
Tom vil have dig her.	Tom wants you here.
Sæt dig venligst ved siden af ​​mig.	Please sit beside me.
Tom vil vidne.	Tom wants to testify.
Er disse sko dine?	Are these shoes yours?
Tom vil have os til at komme.	Tom wants us to come.
Må Gud og gudinder altid elske dig godt.	May the God and Goddesses always love you well.
Er disse handsker dine?	Are these gloves yours?
Tom vil have, at du kommer.	Tom wants you to come.
Jeg tror på, at vi kan gøre det.	I believe we can do it.
Tom vil gerne skille sig ud.	Tom wants to stand out.
Det er desværre ikke muligt.	Unfortunately, that's not possible.
Det tror jeg, vi har brug for.	I believe we need that.
Tom vil fortælle det til Mary.	Tom wants to tell Mary.
Jeg kommer her meget ofte.	I come here very often.
Tom vil gerne arbejde her.	Tom wants to work here.
Det er desværre ikke tilfældet.	Unfortunately, that's not the case.
Jeg har det godt med det her.	I feel good about this.
Tom hader faktisk Mary.	Tom actually hates Mary.
Jeg føler, det er tilfældet.	I feel that's the case.
Tom vil have os til at gøre det.	Tom wants us to do that.
Jeg har et job lige nu.	I have a job right now.
Tom vil blive hjemme.	Tom wants to stay at home.
Tom vil rejse alene.	Tom wants to travel alone.
Jeg har oversvømmelsesforsikring.	I have flood insurance.
Tom vil arbejde sammen med mig.	Tom wants to work with me.
Jeg ved, hvordan du gør det.	I know how you do that.
Tom arbejder lige så hårdt som Mary.	Tom works as hard as Mary.
Jeg ved hvilken vej jeg skal gå.	I know which way to go.
Tom vil sidde i nærheden af ​​Mary.	Tom wants to sit near Mary.
Jeg ved, hvem jeg kan stole på.	I know who I can trust.
I sit hjerte vokser han længslens plante.	In his heart he grows the plant of longing.
Denne situation gør mig ikke glad.	This situation doesn't make me happy.
Tom vil vente på Mary.	Tom wants to wait for Mary.
Jeg ringer til dig på forhånd.	I will call you in advance.
Der er en ting, jeg ikke forstår.	There is a thing that I don't understand.
De seneste begivenheder har fået mig til at stille spørgsmålstegn ved, om superskurke virkelig er så urealistiske.	Recent events have led me to question whether supervillains are really so unrealistic.
Nægter du at tage med os?	Do you refuse to go with us?
Jeg ved, hvem der kan gøre det.	I know who can do that.
Tom vil fortælle sandheden.	Tom wants to tell the truth.
Jeg ved, hvorfor jeg blev fyret.	I know why I was fired.
Længslen er grøn.	Longing is green.
Tom vil have os til at gøre det nu.	Tom wants us to do that now.
Tom kan alle sangene udenad.	Tom knows all the songs by heart.
Mary kan alle sangene udenad.	Mary knows all the songs by heart.
Jeg kan godt lide at være pedel.	I like being a janitor.
Tom ser meget fjernsyn.	Tom watches a lot of television.
Er det stadig muligt at komme dertil?	Is it still possible to get there?
Jeg kan godt lide overfyldte strande.	I like crowded beaches.
Vores klima bliver ændret.	Our climate is being changed.
Tom vil gerne tale om det.	Tom wants to talk about that.
Tom og Mary har mange børnebørn.	Tom and Mary have many grandchildren.
Ingen kommer nogensinde her, medmindre de har en god sag.	Nobody ever comes here, unless they have good cause.
Ingen ville se det.	Nobody wanted to see it.
Ingen ville se det.	Nobody wanted to watch it.
Mary anede ikke, hvordan man laver en kop te.	Mary had no idea how to make a cup of tea.
Hvor blev pigen opdraget?	Where was the girl brought up?
Det kan jeg godt lide at gøre her.	I like doing that here.
Jeg har ikke noget imod, at hun er udlænding.	I don't mind that she is a foreigner.
Jeg har ikke noget imod, at hun er udlænding.	I don't mind her being a foreigner.
Tom vil gerne tale om dette.	Tom wants to talk about this.
Ville du gifte dig med en pige fra Ukraine?	Would you marry a girl from Ukraine?
Alle ved, at Tom's Gaulish er godt.	Everyone knows that Tom's Gaulish is good.
Jeg kan godt lide at gå i skole.	I like going to school.
Det er tid til at gå ud.	It is time to go out.
Alle ved, at Tom taler godt gallisk.	Everyone knows Tom speaks good Gaulish.
Alle ved, at Tom taler godt gallisk.	Everyone knows that Tom speaks good Gaulish.
Tom vil gerne tale med dig nu.	Tom wants to talk to you now.
Jeg kan godt lide kartoffelmos.	I like mashed potatoes.
Tom vil faktisk gerne gøre det.	Tom actually wants to do that.
Jeg kan godt lide at bære smykker.	I like to wear jewelry.
Tom vil sidde ved siden af ​​Mary.	Tom wants to sit next to Mary.
Jeg kan godt lide at rejse alene.	I like traveling alone.
Tom vil have os til at gøre det igen.	Tom wants us to do that again.
Jeg kan godt lide sådan nogle kvinder.	I like women like that.
Det er sødt at drømme, at elske, at synge – at leve!	It is sweet to dream, to love, to sing – to live!
Tom vil have os til at gøre det i dag.	Tom wants us to do that today.
Jeg har brug for din hjælp i dag.	I need your help today.
Tom arbejder lige så hårdt som Mary gør.	Tom works as hard as Mary does.
Heldigvis var hun i stand til at forstå mig og mine problemer.	Fortunately she was able to understand me and my problems.
Jeg har normalt nederdele på.	I normally wear skirts.
Tom vil have dig til at vide sandheden.	Tom wants you to know the truth.
Antallet af oversatte sætninger er enormt.	The number of translated sentences is enormous.
Jeg holder ofte ferie.	I often take vacations.
Den menneskelige stemme er en uvurderlig skat.	The human voice is an invaluable treasure.
Tom arbejder lige så hårdt, som han plejede.	Tom works as hard as he used to.
Jeg går ofte i fløjlsbukser.	I often wear corduroys.
Hvor meget koster dette flag?	How much does this flag cost?
Livet er en sang.	Life is a song.
At synge er mere end at leve.	Singing is more than living.
Tom arbejder lige så mange timer, som jeg gør.	Tom works as many hours as I do.
Det planlægger jeg at gøre her.	I plan to do that here.
Tom bor faktisk i Boston nu.	Tom actually lives in Boston now.
Jeg vil dø og synge livets gave.	I want to die singing the gift of life.
Jeg bekymrer mig virkelig om det.	I really care about it.
Tom faldt på knæ og friede til sin kæreste.	Tom got down on one knee and proposed to his girlfriend.
Jeg er også bange.	I'm scared too.
Tom tørrede af med et håndklæde.	Tom dried off with a towel.
Tom vil have os til at gå til politiet.	Tom wants us to go to the police.
Tom tørrede af med et stort håndklæde.	Tom dried off with a large towel.
Tom brugte sit multimeter til at måle spændingen.	Tom used his multi-meter to measure the voltage.
Tom brugte sit multimeter til at måle spændingen.	Tom used his multimeter to measure the voltage.
Tom brugte sit multimeter til at måle strømmen.	Tom used his multi-meter to measure the current.
Tom brugte sit multimeter til at måle strømmen.	Tom used his multimeter to measure the current.
Tom loddede ledningerne med sin loddekolbe.	Tom soldered the wires with his soldering iron.
Jeg er ked af det.	I'm sorry.
Jeg skulle ikke have behandlet dig sådan.	I shouldn't have treated you that way.
Jeg skulle ikke have behandlet dig sådan.	I shouldn't have treated you that way.
Jeg forventer virkelig at vinde.	I really expect to win.
Tom bad ved helligdommen.	Tom prayed at the shrine.
Tom vandrede gennem skoven.	Tom hiked through the forest.
Tom og Mary vandrede gennem skoven.	Tom and Mary hiked through the forest.
Tom vil fortælle Mary alt.	Tom wants to tell Mary everything.
Jeg vil rigtig gerne danse.	I really want to dance.
Tom vil prøve at gøre det igen.	Tom wants to try doing that again.
"Er du en mand eller en kvinde?"	"Are you a man or a woman?"
"Ingen."	"No."
Jeg ser problemet her.	I see the problem here.
Tom vil prøve at gøre det igen.	Tom wants to try to do that again.
Jeg synes, jeg skal danse.	I think I should dance.
Tom vil have dig til at gøre det lige nu.	Tom wants you to do that right now.
Jeg tror, ​​jeg blev fulgt.	I think I was followed.
Tom vil tale med Mary lige nu.	Tom wants to talk to Mary right now.
Jeg tror, ​​jeg bliver ensom.	I think I'll be lonely.
Tom vil fortælle Mary, hvad der skete.	Tom wants to tell Mary what happened.
Jeg synes, jeg er uovervindelig.	I think I'm unbeatable.
Tom vil have os til at gøre det selv.	Tom wants us to do that by ourselves.
Jeg synes, jeg er meget sjov.	I think I'm very funny.
Tom vil fortælle Mary om, hvad der skete.	Tom wants to tell Mary about what happened.
Jeg synes, jeg er meget smuk.	I think I'm very pretty.
Tom ønskede ikke at deltage i ceremonien.	Tom didn't want to take part in the ceremony.
Jeg tror, ​​det ordner sig.	I think it'll work out.
Tom vil have dig til at vide, at han virkelig vil gøre det.	Tom wants you to know he really wants to do that.
Jeg kunne ikke lide det måltid.	I didn't like that meal.
Jeg synes, det er et problem.	I think it's a problem.
Det ville han ikke vide noget om.	He didn't want to know anything about that.
Tom vil have dig til at vide, at han virkelig vil gøre det.	Tom wants you to know that he really wants to do that.
Jeg synes, det er vigtigt.	I think it's important.
Tom vil have dig til at vide, at han virkelig ikke ville gøre det.	Tom wants you to know he really didn't want to do that.
Jeg elsker baltiske sprog.	I love Baltic languages.
Jeg elsker austroasiatiske sprog.	I love Austroasiatic languages.
Guld er et metal.	Gold is a metal.
Jeg elsker Kra-Dai sprog.	I love Kra-Dai languages.
Jeg elsker dravidiske sprog.	I love Dravidian languages.
Tom vil have dig til at vide, at han virkelig ikke ville gøre det.	Tom wants you to know that he really didn't want to do that.
Jeg tror, ​​jeg er klar nu.	I think I'm ready now.
Tom ser ud til stadig at have travlt.	Tom seems to still be busy.
Det tror jeg er tilladt.	I think that's allowed.
Jeg ved, hvor meget Tom hader dig.	I know how much Tom hates you.
Jeg tror, ​​det hjælper.	I think that's helping.
Jeg ved, hvor meget Tom stoler på dig.	I know how much Tom trusts you.
Hvordan klarede du det?	How did you handle that?
Som sædvanlig kommer Tom for sent i skole.	As usual, Tom is late for school.
Hvorfor skulle jeg frygte døden?	Why I should fear death?
Jeg forstod aldrig, hvorfor Tom gjorde det.	I never understood why Tom did that.
Jeg tror, ​​jeg er klar nu.	I think that I'm ready now.
De har blå øjne.	They have blue eyes.
Der er ingen grund til at være bange for Tom.	There's no need to be afraid of Tom.
Jeg håber, du nød vores show.	I hope you enjoyed our show.
Jeg var der, da det skete.	I was there when it happened.
Toms død var åbenbart et selvmord.	Apparently Tom's death was a suicide.
Jeg vil erklære mig konkurs.	I'll be declaring bankruptcy.
Selv Tom kunne ikke modstå Marys charme.	Even Tom couldn't resist Mary's charms.
Jeg vil have dig til at hjælpe mig med dette.	I want you to help me with this.
Jeg ventede på, at Tom sagde noget andet.	I waited for Tom to say something else.
Jeg tror, ​​jeg er klar til at gøre det nu.	I think I'm ready now to do that.
Er jeg en dæmon?	Am I a demon?
Det kan jeg sagtens gøre uden Toms hjælp.	I can easily do that without Tom's help.
Jeg troede ikke, jeg var i fare.	I didn't think I was in any danger.
Jeg lod, som om jeg ikke hørte Toms spørgsmål.	I pretended I didn't hear Tom's question.
Jeg tror, ​​jeg får gigt.	I think I'm getting arthritis.
Jeg kunne ikke få mig selv til at røre ved den.	I couldn't bring myself to touch it.
Jeg aner slet ikke, hvorfor Tom gjorde det.	I have absolutely no idea why Tom did that.
Jeg er tilbage til normalen, og jeg har det godt.	I'm back to normal and I feel great.
Jeg lod, som om jeg ikke hørte Toms spørgsmål.	I pretended that I didn't hear Tom's question.
Intet kan bringe hende tilbage til livet.	Nothing can bring her back to life.
Intet kan bringe ham tilbage til livet.	Nothing can bring him back to life.
Intet kan bringe Tom tilbage til livet.	Nothing can bring Tom back to life.
Du vil føle dig bedre efter en dejlig varm kop te.	You'll feel better after a nice hot cup of tea.
Du vil føle dig bedre efter en varm kop te.	You'll feel better after a hot cup of tea.
Du vil føle dig bedre efter en kop te.	You'll feel better after a cup of tea.
Annie kneb hendes hjerner forgæves.	Annie racked her brains in vain.
Han var en mand med meget lidt fantasi.	He was a man of very little imagination.
Tom er en mand med lille fantasi.	Tom is a man of little imagination.
Han var en mand med meget lidt fantasi, i skarp kontrast til sin bror, som måske havde for meget.	He was a man of very little imagination, in sharp contrast with his brother, who had, perhaps, too much.
Jeg troede aldrig, at den dag ville komme.	I never thought that day would come.
En sky passerede over Toms ansigt.	A cloud passed over Tom's face.
Jeg ser bestemt mere rolig ud, end jeg i virkeligheden er.	I certainly look calmer than I really am.
Ord udtrykker, hvad der ikke kan siges i musik.	Words express what cannot be said in music.
Hun havde ikke fortrudt.	She had no regrets.
Vi slutter os snart.	We'll join you soon.
Han havde ikke fortrudt.	He had no regrets.
Tom fortrød ikke.	Tom had no regrets.
Mary fortrød ikke.	Mary had no regrets.
De fortrød ikke.	They had no regrets.
Det er tid til at gå ud.	It's time to go out.
Er du færdig med at male dit hus?	Have you finished painting your house?
Hvor hurtigt tror du, du er færdig med det?	How soon do you think you'll finish doing that?
Hvornår forventer du at være færdig?	When do you expect to be finished?
Manden, der gav sin kone sin lønseddel, var klogere end den, der gav den til sin elsker.	The man who gave his wife his paycheck was wiser than the one who gave it to his lover.
Hvor hurtigt tror du, at du vil være i stand til det?	How soon do you think you'll be able to do that?
Tom vil flytte.	Tom wants to move.
Der er mulighed for, at mødet bliver aflyst.	There's a possibility that the meeting will be canceled.
Jeg arbejder lige så meget som Tom.	I work as much as Tom.
Jeg arbejder lige så meget som Tom gør.	I work as much as Tom does.
Der er mulighed for, at mødet bliver aflyst.	There's a possibility the meeting will be canceled.
Tom vil flytte ud.	Tom wants to move out.
Jeg har ledt efter en af ​​disse i lang tid.	I've been looking for one of these for a long time.
Jeg vil sidde i nærheden af ​​Tom.	I want to sit near Tom.
Jeg vidste med det samme, at det skulle jeg ikke have gjort.	I immediately knew that I shouldn't have done that.
Jeg vil gerne hjælpe Tom i dag.	I want to help Tom today.
Min kone laver mad, og jeg vasker op.	My wife does the cooking and I wash the dishes.
Tom vil slå sig ned.	Tom wants to settle down.
Jeg vil hænge ud med dig og dine venner.	I want to hang out with you and your friends.
Jeg vil sidde ved siden af ​​Tom.	I want to sit next to Tom.
Jeg lod, som om jeg ikke hørte spørgsmålet.	I pretended that I didn't hear the question.
Tom vil åbne kassen.	Tom wants to open the box.
Jeg har absolut ingen idé om, hvor jeg skal tage hen.	I have absolutely no idea where I should go.
Tom vil se Mary nu.	Tom wants to see Mary now.
Jeg er glad for, at du stillede mig det spørgsmål.	I'm glad that you asked me that question.
Tom vil synge med os.	Tom wants to sing with us.
Jeg vil gerne tale med dig, før du går hjem.	I want to talk to you before you go home.
Jeg vil snart tale med Tom.	I want to talk to Tom soon.
Jeg troede ikke, at jeg var i fare.	I didn't think that I was in any danger.
Tom tabte sit vinglas.	Tom dropped his wine glass.
Jeg vil have, at du spiser frokost med mig i dag.	I want you to have lunch with me today.
Tom vil spille baseball.	Tom wants to play baseball.
Jeg lod, som om jeg ikke hørte spørgsmålet.	I pretended I didn't hear the question.
Tom vil rejse tiltale.	Tom wants to press charges.
Jeg vidste straks, hvad der var gået galt.	I immediately knew what had gone wrong.
Tom vil sælge sin jord.	Tom wants to sell his land.
Det kan jeg sagtens gøre uden din hjælp.	I can easily do that without your help.
Jeg vidste straks, hvad jeg havde gjort forkert.	I immediately knew what I'd done wrong.
Jeg ved, hvad jeg har gjort forkert.	I know what I've done wrong.
Tom vil spille klaver.	Tom wants to play the piano.
Der er ikke noget, jeg kan gøre for dig.	There's nothing that I can do for you.
Tom vil gerne læse den bog.	Tom wants to read that book.
Mødet bliver formentlig aflyst.	The meeting will probably be canceled.
plejer Tom at gå på arbejde?	Does Tom usually walk to work?
Ville nogen få lov til at komme ind i en katolsk kirke så nøgen som Adam og Eva blev skabt?	Would someone be allowed to enter a Catholic church as naked as Adam and Eve were created?
Tom vil se den film.	Tom wants to see that movie.
Jeg vil have dig til at hjælpe mig med dette papir.	I want you to help me with this paper.
Det plejede at være Toms kontor.	This used to be Tom's office.
Jeg tror, ​​at jeg er klar til at gøre det nu.	I think that I'm ready now to do that.
Tom vil gerne se resultaterne.	Tom wants to see the results.
Vis mig den bog, du læser.	Show me the book that you're reading.
Alle undtagen Tom havde en hat på.	Everyone but Tom had a hat on.
Det har jeg gjort, og det er meget sjovt.	I've done that and it's a lot of fun.
Alle undtagen Tom har en hat på.	Everyone but Tom has a hat on.
Mødet vil sandsynligvis blive aflyst.	The meeting will likely be canceled.
Jeg ser dig, men du ser mig ikke.	I see you, but you don't see me.
Jeg vil fortælle Tom alt.	I want to tell Tom everything.
Jeg er glad for, at du stillede mig det spørgsmål.	I'm glad you asked me that question.
Alle undtagen Tom havde en hat på.	Everybody but Tom had a hat on.
Jeg vil gerne deltage i ceremonien.	I want to take part in the ceremony.
Alle undtagen Tom har en hat på.	Everybody but Tom has a hat on.
Der er ikke noget, jeg kan gøre for dig.	There's nothing I can do for you.
Jeg tilbragte dagen hjemme hos Tom.	I spent the day at Tom's house.
En meter er hundrede centimeter.	A meter is a hundred centimeters.
Jeg vil gerne vide, hvad Tom synes.	I want to know what Tom thinks.
Jeg vil bo sammen med din familie.	I want to live with your family.
Tom vil male sit hus om.	Tom wants to repaint his house.
Det er en meget ubehagelig lugt.	That's a very unpleasant smell.
Tom vil se dig lige nu.	Tom wants to see you right now.
Jeg arbejder lige så mange timer som dig.	I work as many hours as you do.
Du skal være ærlig over for Tom.	You need to be honest with Tom.
Jeg vil prøve at gøre det igen.	I want to try doing that again.
Her er noget, Tom burde se.	Here's something Tom should see.
Det vil jeg gerne vide mere om.	I want to know more about that.
Jeg forstår nu, hvad Tom mente.	I now understand what Tom meant.
Jeg har sko på inde i huset.	I wear shoes inside the house.
Jeg vil spille tennis på mandag.	I want to play tennis on Monday.
Jeg vil lege udenfor i dag.	I want to play outside today.
Jeg vil tale med Tom lige nu.	I want to talk to Tom right now.
Jeg vil gerne opdage sandheden.	I want to discover the truth.
Det plejede at være Toms lejlighed.	This used to be Tom's apartment.
Jeg vil tale om skolen.	I want to talk about school.
Tom vil lege udenfor i dag.	Tom wants to play outside today.
Jeg vil gerne se dig lige nu.	I want to see you right now.
Alle havde en hat på undtagen Tom.	Everyone had a hat on except Tom.
Jeg prøver ikke at spilde noget.	I try not to waste anything.
Alle har en hat på undtagen Tom.	Everyone has a hat on except Tom.
Jeg vil tale med nogen.	I want to talk to somebody.
Her er noget, Tom burde læse.	Here's something Tom should read.
Jeg kan godt lide at se krigsfilm.	I like watching war movies.
Jeg vil gerne fortælle Tom, hvad der skete.	I want to tell Tom what happened.
Jeg vil gerne tale med nogen.	I want to talk to someone.
Alle havde en hat på undtagen Tom.	Everybody had a hat on except Tom.
Jeg vil gå en tur nu.	I want to take a walk now.
Alle har en hat på undtagen Tom.	Everybody has a hat on except Tom.
Jeg vil forlade huset.	I want to leave the house.
Jeg arbejder det samme sted som Tom gør.	I work at the same place Tom does.
Jeg vil gerne fortælle sandheden.	I want to tell the truth.
Tom forstår fransk ret godt.	Tom understands French quite well.
Jeg vil se den film.	I want to see that movie.
"Denne er din, denne er min og den anden, vi deler den."	"This one is yours, this one is mine and the other, we share it."
Dette er, hvad vi ville have sagt, hvis vi ville lyve den kabylske fabel om frøparret, da hannen sagde: "Denne ene er min, den ene er min og den anden, vi deler den", den dag de besluttede at adskille.	This is what we would have said if we want to make lie the Kabyle fable of the couple of frogs when the male said: "This one is mine, this one is mine and the other, we share it", the day they decided to separate.
Tom vil spille skak med Mary.	Tom wants to play chess with Mary.
Jeg vil spille baseball.	I want to play baseball.
Der er intet, Tom kan gøre for dig.	There's nothing Tom can do for you.
Jeg vil gerne have børn.	I want to have children.
Tom vil spille tennis på mandag.	Tom wants to play tennis on Monday.
Jeg går i jeans hver dag.	I wear jeans every day.
Her er noget, som Tom burde se.	Here's something that Tom should see.
Jeg vil arbejde udenfor.	I want to work outside.
Jeg vil gerne vide, hvorfor Tom vil have os til at gøre det	I want to know why Tom wants us to do that
"Hvem er han?"	"Who is he?"
"Ingen ved det med sikkerhed."	"Nobody knows for sure."
Tom vil gerne vise dig, hvordan du gør det.	Tom wants to show you how to do that.
En forbipasserende bil sprøjtede vand til Tom.	A passing car splashed Tom with water.
Jeg bærer en vielsesring.	I wear a wedding ring.
Jeg leder efter min bror.	I'm looking for my brother.
Har du set ham?	Have you seen him?
Jeg vil gerne studere i dag.	I want to study today.
Her er noget, som Tom burde læse.	Here's something that Tom should read.
Jeg vil skille mig ud.	I want to stand out.
Ingen forventede, at Tom ville reagere på den måde.	No one expected Tom to react that way.
Jeg vil flytte ud.	I want to move out.
Ingen forventede, at Tom ville reagere på den måde.	Nobody expected Tom to react that way.
Denne bog vejer et kilo.	This book weighs a kilogram.
Jeg vil vidne.	I want to testify.
Tom er den eneste, der ikke har hat på.	Tom is the only one not wearing a hat.
Jeg har et ur på.	I wear a watch.
Min bror Tom er ældre end mig, men alle mine andre brødre er yngre.	My brother Tom is older than me, but all my other brothers are younger.
Jeg vil flytte.	I want to move.
Fortæl mig sandheden, tak.	Tell me the truth, please.
Han beskytter os.	He is protecting us.
Hvor kan jeg købe et kort over Europa?	Where can I buy a map of Europe?
Kravene til eleverne er stigende.	The demands placed on students are increasing.
Jeg vil rive muren ned.	I am going to tear down the wall.
Jeg vil rive væggen ned.	I will demolish the wall.
En af de mest kendte ungarske supper er kyllingesuppen i Újházi-stil, opkaldt efter den ungarske skuespiller Ede Újházi.	One of the best-known Hungarian soups is the Újházi style chicken soup, named after the Hungarian actor Ede Újházi.
Ingen har medfødt viden.	Nobody has innate knowledge.
Jeg var hjemme hele sommeren.	I was at home all summer.
Hvirveldyr har typisk tænder.	Vertebrates typically have teeth.
Jeg bliver her et stykke tid.	I'll stay here for some time.
Jeg spørger dig for anden gang.	I'm asking you for the second time.
Ben det!	Leg it!
Er der en læge blandt os?	Is there a doctor among us?
Tom sagde, at han ikke havde nogen steder at sove.	Tom said that he had nowhere to sleep.
Hun spurgte mig, hvornår jeg skulle i seng.	She asked me when I was going to bed.
Han går ud efter mørkets frembrud.	He goes out after dark.
Hvad er din landsby?	What is your village?
De ankom til Berlin i går.	They arrived in Berlin yesterday.
Undskyld mig, kan du fortælle mig, hvor toilettet er?	Excuse me, could you please tell me where the restroom is?
Gud forbyde det skulle ske!	God forbid it should happen!
Lad os mødes i cafeteriet.	Let's meet in the cafeteria.
Er der plads tilbage?	Is there any room left?
Jeg kan ikke lade være med at tænke på de uforudsigelige konsekvenser dette vil medføre.	I can't stop thinking about the unpredictable consequences this will bring.
Han er bedre til at undervise end jeg er.	He's better at teaching than I am.
Jeg ringer til Tom på walkie-talkie.	I call Tom on the walkie-talkie.
Ved du, hvad vi vandt?	You know what we won?
Hun er for meget kvinde for ham.	She's too much woman for him.
De kommer tidligt.	They're coming early.
Børn skal gå tidligt i seng.	Children have to go to bed early.
Mary er Boston Brahmin.	Mary is Boston Brahmin.
Mary's Boston Brahmin.	Mary's Boston Brahmin.
Hun har en tung Boston Brahmin accent.	She has a heavy Boston Brahmin accent.
Hvem taler du med?	Who are you speaking with?
Hun har en tung midtatlantisk accent.	She has a heavy Mid-Atlantic accent.
Hendes midtatlantiske accent antyder en eliteopdragelse.	Her Mid-Atlantic accent suggests an elite upbringing.
Hun kom uanmeldt.	She came unannounced.
Hun er vant til at få, hvad hun vil have.	She's used to getting whatever she wants.
Jeg køber mange bøger i denne boghandel.	I buy a lot of books in this bookshop.
Kan de komme?	Can they come?
Der er meget, der sker lige nu.	There is a lot that is happening right now.
Der er meget, der sker lige nu.	There's a lot that is happening right now.
Der er meget, der sker lige nu.	There's a lot that's happening right now.
Ser du altid dine venner i denne café?	Do you always see your friends in this café?
Jeg forstår dig godt.	I understand you well.
Flyet lettede planmæssigt.	The airplane took off on schedule.
'Black Lives Matter'-protesterne, der er brudt ud over hele verden i de seneste uger, har genoplivet kravene i Europa om, at statuer af slavehandlere og koloniale personer skal fjernes.	The ‘Black Lives Matter’ protests that have erupted across the world in recent weeks have reinvigorated demands in Europe for statues of slave traders and colonial figures to be removed.
Hvorfor hader universet mig?	Why does the universe hate me?
Åh, gud!	Oh, gosh!
Hvordan kan jeg forbedre mit esperanto?	How can I improve my Esperanto?
Vi vil have vores hævn!	We will have our vengeance!
Vi vil have vores hævn!	We will have our revenge!
Vi får vores hævn!	We'll have our revenge!
Jeg er fuldstændig ubrugelig.	I'm completely useless.
Jeg ville vente.	I'd wait.
Jeg ville aldrig stole på Tom.	I'd never trust Tom.
Jeg kan blive.	I may stay.
Vi er ikke canadiere.	We're not Canadians.
Jeg kunne vinde.	I could win.
Vi er ikke så gamle som Tom.	We're not as old as Tom.
Jeg ville godkende.	I'd approve.
Vi har ikke så travlt som Tom.	We're not as busy as Tom.
Jeg ville sige ja.	I'd say yes.
Vi er ikke så rige som Tom.	We're not as rich as Tom.
Jeg har grundlæggende personligt mødt tre slags buddhisme (zen-buddhisme, theravāda-buddhisme og rent land-buddhisme) og fem slags kristendom (romersk-katolicisme, baptist, pinse, Jehovas Vidne og mormonisme).	I have essentially personally encountered three kinds of Buddhism (Zen Buddhism, Theravāda Buddhism, and Pure Land Buddhism), and five kinds of Christianity (Roman Catholicism, Baptist, Pentecostal, Jehovah's Witness, and Mormonism).
På trods af mine eventyr i religioner, tror jeg stadig på science fact og science fiction.	Despite my adventures into religions, I still believe in science fact and science fiction.
Jeg afviser ikke de mange former for animisme, inklusive Shinto og Dao, såvel som andre indfødte rundt omkring i denne verden.	I do not dismiss the many forms of Animism, including Shinto and Dao, as well as other Native around this world.
Jeg burde spise.	I should eat.
Vi er ikke så gamle som Tom er.	We're not as old as Tom is.
Jeg burde vente.	I should wait.
Vi har ikke så travlt som Tom.	We're not as busy as Tom is.
Jeg ville kæmpe tilbage.	I'd fight back.
Vi er ikke så rige som Tom.	We're not as rich as Tom is.
Bemærk også, at vi skal 1000 EUR GOP for denne sag.	Please also note that, we need to 1000 EUR GOP for this case.
Jeg kunne se dig.	I could see you.
Vi er ikke så unge som Tom er.	We're not as young as Tom is.
Jeg skulle være kommet.	I should've come.
Jeg ville være i Boston nu, hvis jeg kunne være det.	I'd be in Boston now if I could be.
Jeg burde være den første.	I should be first.
Vi sælger ikke vores hus til Tom.	We're not selling our house to Tom.
Vi er ikke børn.	We're not children.
Alle taler om, hvad Tom gjorde.	Everyone is talking about what Tom did.
Vi er ikke forberedte.	We're not prepared.
Jeg vil gerne fortælle Tom om, hvad der skete.	I want to tell Tom about what happened.
Vi sover ikke.	We're not sleeping.
Jeg arbejder samme sted, som Tom gør.	I work at the same place that Tom does.
Det blev vist i nyhederne i dag.	It was shown on the news today.
Jeg kunne ikke høre dig.	I couldn't hear you.
Tom var den eneste, der ikke havde en hat på.	Tom was the only one not wearing a hat.
Jeg plejer at læse matematik om aftenen.	I usually study maths in the evening.
Jeg kan vinde denne gang.	I may win this time.
Alle taler om, hvad Tom gjorde.	Everybody is talking about what Tom did.
Jeg burde studere mere.	I should study more.
Jeg tror ikke, Tom og John er brødre.	I don't think Tom and John are brothers.
Pludselig giver det hele mening.	Suddenly it all makes sense.
Jeg ville blive, hvis jeg kunne.	I'd stay if I could.
Ingen ved, hvordan Tom vil reagere på dette.	No one knows how Tom will react to this.
Vi er ikke overbeviste.	We're not convinced.
Ingen ved, hvordan Tom vil reagere på dette.	Nobody knows how Tom will react to this.
Vi er ikke så fattige.	We're not that poor.
Der er intet, som Tom kan gøre for dig.	There's nothing that Tom can do for you.
Du kan bruge mit skrivebord.	You may use my desk.
Vi er ikke klar til at tage tilbage til Australien.	We're not ready to go back to Australia.
Jeg kan helt sikkert vinde.	I can definitely win.
Jeg vil gerne vide, hvorfor Tom ville gøre det.	I want to know why Tom wanted to do that.
Jeg burde være hjemme nu.	I should be home now.
Hvis Tom ikke er forsigtig, vil han skade sig selv.	If Tom isn't careful, he'll hurt himself.
Jeg burde tage hjem nu.	I should go home now.
Du burde lade Tom køre en gang imellem.	You should let Tom drive once in a while.
Jeg burde gå tidligt.	I should leave early.
Hvis Tom svømmer, svømmer jeg også.	If Tom goes swimming, I'll go swimming, too.
Det ville jeg nok gøre.	I'd probably do that.
Jeg tror ikke, at Tom og John er brødre.	I don't think that Tom and John are brothers.
Jeg kan blive suspenderet.	I might get suspended.
Jeg ville ønske, at jeg kunne forstå fransk bedre.	I wish that I could understand French better.
Tom er fransk-canadisk.	Tom is French-Canadian.
Tom er fransk-canadisk.	Tom's French-Canadian.
Ordrette oversættelser kan være vildledende.	Literal translations can be misleading.
For eksempel, når en russer siger "тоска зелёная", mener han ikke, at "nostalgi er grøn", men faktisk at han overvejer eller overvejer noget kedeligt eller kedeligt.	For example, when a Russian says "тоска зелёная", he does not mean that "nostalgia is green", but, in fact, that he considers, or considered, something tedious or boring.
Har du problemer med noget?	Do you have problems with anything?
Hun hælder mælk i en kop.	She is pouring milk into a cup.
Jeg nyder at leve.	I enjoy living.
Jeg vinder måske denne gang.	I might win this time.
Jeg vil gerne vide, hvorfor Tom ikke ville gøre det.	I want to know why Tom didn't want to do that.
Han vågnede ikke længere.	He didn't wake up anymore.
Det er min stemme.	That's my voice.
Jeg burde være okay.	I should be all right.
Toms far tager ofte Tom med på fisketur.	Tom's father often takes Tom fishing with him.
Hvor skal du hen?	Where are you going?
Klokken er næsten halv fire.	It's almost half past three.
Jeg burde snart være færdig.	I should be done soon.
Måske vil Tom ikke tage til Boston med os.	Maybe Tom doesn't want to go to Boston with us.
Det er så ulækkert.	That's so disgusting.
Thomas er fransk-canadisk.	Thomas is French-Canadian.
Jeg burde være sikker her.	I should be safe here.
Vi skal ikke til Boston.	We're not going to Boston.
Vi tager til Chicago.	We're going to Chicago.
Jeg ved, det er meget svært at holde op med at ryge.	I know it's very difficult to quit smoking.
Esther er en persisk jøde.	Esther is a Persian Jew.
Esther var en persisk jøde.	Esther was a Persian Jew.
Jeg ankom uden at vide, om jeg ville blive.	I arrived without knowing if I would stay.
Nu tager jeg afsted med vished om, at jeg vender tilbage.	Now I'm leaving with the certainty that I'll be back.
Jeg burde tage hjem igen.	I should go back home.
Vi er ikke rige nok til at købe et hus på Park Street.	We're not rich enough to buy a house on Park Street.
Forgængelighed er lige så gammel som evigheden.	Transience is as old as eternity.
Omid er persisk.	Omid is Persian.
Det burde jeg se på.	I should look at that.
Uden Toms hjælp, ville jeg ikke have været i stand til at gøre det.	Without Tom's help, I wouldn't have been able to do it.
Jeg skulle have været hjemme.	I should've been home.
Vi skal ikke til Australien.	We're not going to Australia.
Vi skal til New Zealand.	We're going to New Zealand.
Jeg skulle ikke være kommet.	I shouldn't have come.
Hvad er væsentligt?	What is essential?
Jeg vil vente, indtil Tom beder mig om at gøre det, før jeg gør det.	I want to wait until Tom asks me to do that before I do it.
Er der noget, du ikke spiser?	Is there something you don't eat?
Gud tilgive mig for den tid, jeg har spildt.	God forgive me for the time I've wasted.
Er de alle homoseksuelle?	Are they all gay?
Amerikansk demokrati er en kakistokratisk institution.	American democracy is a kakistocratic institution.
Vi lever i et kakistokratisk samfund.	We live in a kakistocratic society.
Kapitalisme er kakistokratisk.	Capitalism is kakistocratic.
Tryk på højre piletast for at fortsætte.	Press the right arrow key to continue.
Tryk på højre piletast for at skyde.	Press the right arrow key to shoot.
Mit tastatur mangler en venstre piletast.	My keyboard is missing a left arrow key.
Han er medlem af den gamle præstelige kaste.	He's a member of the ancient priestly caste.
Jeg er træt af alle dine skænderier.	I'm tired of all your shenanigans.
Begræns dem til én shenanigan om ugen.	Please limit them to one shenanigan per week.
Lær mig at panhandle.	Teach me to panhandle.
Jeg prøver at skaffe penge nok til at få en sandwich.	I'm trying to panhandle enough money to get a sandwich.
USA er den største voldsleverandør i verden.	The United States is the number one purveyor of violence in the world.
Den brutale militærjunta blev installeret af CIA for at beskytte amerikanske forretningsinteresser.	The brutal military junta was installed by the CIA to protect American business interests.
Vi plejede at holde LAN-fester hele natten.	We used to have all-night LAN parties.
Oversættelse er lige så meget kunst, som det er forståelse.	Translation is as much artistry as it is comprehension.
Jeg vil gerne købe en bil.	I'd like to buy a car.
Jeg vil gerne tale med dig om, hvad der skete i Boston i sidste uge.	I want to talk to you about what happened in Boston last week.
Yanni så en mand kigge ind ad vinduet.	Yanni saw a man peering into the window.
Yanni ligner et spøgelse.	Yanni looks like a ghost.
Yannis hud er papirhvid.	Yanni's skin is paper white.
Yanni besøger ikke Skura længere.	Yanni doesn't visit Skura anymore.
Yanni fandt ikke noget.	Yanni didn't find anything.
Yannis svar forskrækkede Skura.	Yanni's answer startled Skura.
Yanni så et spøgelse.	Yanni saw a ghost.
Yanni fik ikke flere oplysninger ud af Skura.	Yanni didn't get any more information out of Skura.
Yanni skal undersøge sagen.	Yanni needs to look into the matter.
Yanni bor i skoven i nærheden.	Yanni lives in the forest nearby.
Yanni gik med Skura.	Yanni walked with Skura.
Yanni begyndte at gå igen.	Yanni started walking again.
Yanni holdt op med at gå.	Yanni stopped walking.
Yanni gik langs bakken.	Yanni walked along the hill.
Yanni kiggede op og så en helikopter.	Yanni looked up and saw a helicopter.
Yanni hørte fodtrin følge ham.	Yanni heard footsteps following him.
Yanni havde sin første observation af en UFO i 2004.	Yanni had his first sighting of a UFO in 2004.
Yanni så noget, der vækkede hans nysgerrighed.	Yanni saw something that piqued his curiosity.
Yanni havde et møde med et mærkeligt væsen i skoven.	Yanni had an encounter with a strange creature in the woods.
Yanni lænede sig op ad træet.	Yanni leaned against the tree.
Yanni tog billeder af reden.	Yanni took pictures of the nest.
Yanni uploadede billederne på Instagram.	Yanni uploaded the pictures on Instagram.
Yanni kunne ikke se noget klart langt ud over sin bil.	Yanni couldn't see anything clearly far beyond his car.
Yanni hvilede ved foden af ​​et træ.	Yanni was resting at the base of a tree.
Yanni pakker sine ting sammen.	Yanni is packing up his things.
Yanni sagde, at han så noget.	Yanni said he saw something.
Yanni følte, at der var noget, der så ham.	Yanni felt there was something watching him.
Yanni lagde mærke til noget mærkeligt.	Yanni noticed something strange.
Yanni er en algerisk paranormal efterforsker.	Yanni is an Algerian paranormal investigator.
Yanni tror, ​​at denne information vil hjælpe.	Yanni thinks this information will help.
Yanni kom her.	Yanni came here.
Yanni holdt Skura opdateret.	Yanni kept Skura updated.
Yanni fortalte Skura, at han vil holde hende opdateret, hvis der dukker noget op.	Yanni told Skura that he will keep her updated if something comes up.
Yanni satte aldrig sine ben på Skuras ejendom.	Yanni never set foot on Skura's property.
Yanni havde flere familiemedlemmer afgået ved døden i 2004.	Yanni had several family members pass away in 2004.
Yanni ejer 40 acres i Algeriet.	Yanni owns 40 acres in Algeria.
Yanni byggede et skur på sin gård.	Yanni built a shed on his farm.
Yanni kom på besøg i Skura i weekenden.	Yanni came to visit Skura on the weekend.
Yanni og Skura legede tag.	Yanni and Skura were playing tag.
Yanni var tæt på.	Yanni was close.
Yanni bar jeanshorts.	Yanni was bearing jean shorts.
Yanni tænkte ikke så meget over det.	Yanni didn't think too much of it.
Yanni gemmer sig bag et træ.	Yanni is hiding behind a tree.
Yanni og Skura leger gemmeleg.	Yanni and Skura are playing hide-and-seek.
Yanni skulle nok tage tilbage til lejren.	Yanni should probably go back to the camp.
Yanni og Skura så på hinanden.	Yanni and Skura looked at each other.
Yanni vidste ikke, hvilken retning Skura kom fra.	Yanni didn't know which direction Skura was coming from.
Yanni insisterede absolut på, at det, han så, ikke var et fly, men en UFO.	Yanni absolutely insisted that what he saw wasn't a plane but a UFO.
Yanni glemte hurtigt hele oplevelsen.	Yanni quickly forgot about the entire experience.
Yanni kunne ikke finde sit tøj nogen steder.	Yanni couldn't find his clothes anywhere.
Yanni arbejder for et lille teknisk konsulentfirma.	Yanni works for a small technical consulting firm.
Yanni har et job, der kræver, at han arbejder på kontoret.	Yanni has a job that requires him to work at the office.
Yanni er en tidlig fugl.	Yanni is an early bird.
Yanni behøvede ikke at låse sine bildøre.	Yanni didn't have to lock his car doors.
Yanni dukkede op med en UPS-pakke.	Yanni showed up with a UPS package.
Yanni var der faktisk.	Yanni was actually there.
Yanni var den eneste person på kontoret.	Yanni was the only person in the office.
Yanni gik ned langs indkørslen og tilbage.	Yanni walked down along the driveway and back.
Yanni kiggede på den bil.	Yanni looked at that car.
Yanni gik forbi Skuras bil.	Yanni walked past Skura's car.
Yanni har ikke hørt noget.	Yanni hasn't heard a thing.
Yanni kunne ikke have gjort det.	Yanni couldn't have done it.
Yanni gik gennem miles af majsmarker.	Yanni walked through miles of corn fields.
Yanni så sig omkring.	Yanni looked around.
Yanni gik tilbage ind i bygningen.	Yanni walked back into the building.
Yannis dør er altid låst.	Yanni's door is always locked.
Yannis dør er altid låst, uanset om han er her eller ej.	Yanni's door is always locked, whether he's here or not.
Yanni mødte mange mennesker fra Algeriet.	Yanni met many people from Algeria.
Yanni betaler sin skat.	Yanni pays his taxes.
Yanni fik et telefonopkald fra en fremmed.	Yanni got a phone call from a stranger.
Yanni følte sig ikke rigtig.	Yanni didn't feel right.
Yanni burde stole på hans mave-instinkt.	Yanni should trust his gut instinct.
Yanni blev kontaktet af en lokal læge.	Yanni was contacted by a local doctor.
Yanni forklarede det problem, han havde med sin computer.	Yanni explained the issue that he was having with his computer.
Yanni tog et kig på Skuras computer.	Yanni took a look at Skura's computer.
Yanni virkede uoverskuelig i starten.	Yanni seemed sketchy at first.
Yanni ved, hvor meget denne computer kommer til at koste.	Yanni knows how much this computer is going to cost.
Yanni afleverede pc'en på værkstedet.	Yanni dropped the PC off at the repair shop.
Yanni fik aldrig svar fra Skura.	Yanni never got a reply from Skura.
Yanni nægter at tale i telefon.	Yanni refuses to talk on the phone.
Yanni virkede farlig.	Yanni seemed dangerous.
Yanni virkede på kanten.	Yanni seemed on edge.
Yanni fjernede harddisken og erstattede den med en ny.	Yanni removed the hard drive and replaced it with a new one.
Yanni trak harddisken ud.	Yanni pulled out the hard drive.
Det lykkedes Yanni at gendanne stort set alt fra Skuras gamle harddisk.	Yanni managed to recover pretty much everything from Skura's old hard drive.
Yannis computer er rettet nu.	Yanni's computer is fixed now.
Yanni vil ikke være ledig før efter arbejde.	Yanni is not going to be available until after work.
Yanni insisterede på at møde Skura på postkontoret.	Yanni insisted on meeting Skura at the post office.
Yanni har mange kvindelige venner på arbejde.	Yanni has many female friends at work.
Yanni kom endelig.	Yanni finally arrived.
Yanni forsinkede det så meget han kunne.	Yanni delayed that as much as he could.
Yanni vidste, at Skura var der.	Yanni knew that Skura was there.
Yanni bar en mørk hættetrøje, der dækkede sit hoved.	Yanni wore a dark hoodie covering his head.
Yanni præsenterede sig selv og sin ven.	Yanni introduced himself and his friend.
Yanni kunne lugte Skuras ven, hvorfra han stod.	Yanni could smell Skura's friend from where he was standing.
Yanni afbrød Skura midt i sætningen.	Yanni interrupted Skura mid-sentence.
Yanni svarede hurtigt.	Yanni quickly responded.
Det fortalte Yanni til Skura i sms'en.	Yanni told Skura that in the text message.
Yanni følte sig truet.	Yanni felt threatened.
Yanni svarede hurtigt.	Yanni swiftly responded.
Yanni gik væk til parkeringspladsen.	Yanni walked away to the car park.
Yanni betalte Skura fire tusinde dinarer for en simpel tur.	Yanni paid Skura four thousand dinars for a simple ride.
Yanni vidste, hvad der foregik.	Yanni knew what was going on.
Yanni var så paranoid omkring det.	Yanni was so paranoid about that.
Yanni tog et kig på Skuras billeder.	Yanni took a look at Skura's photos.
Yanni spekulerede på, hvad der tog så meget plads på Skuras harddisk.	Yanni wondered what was taking so much space on Skura's hard drive.
Yannis computer er beskyttet med adgangskode.	Yanni's computer is password protected.
Yanni åbnede tre-fire billeder på Skuras telefon.	Yanni opened three or four photos on Skura's phone.
Yanni var en trussel.	Yanni was a threat.
Yanni bad Skura om at ringe til politiet ASAP.	Yanni told Skura to call the police ASAP.
Yannis køretur blev konfiskeret af politiet.	Yanni's drive was confiscated by the police.
Yanni sendte Skura-beskeder.	Yanni sent Skura messages.
Yanni brugte et falsk nummer til at sende Skura truende beskeder.	Yanni used a fake number to send Skura threatening messages.
Yanni har sprunget byen over.	Yanni has skipped town.
Yanni er stadig paranoid over, at Skura kommer til hans kontor en dag.	Yanni is still paranoid that Skura will come to his office some day.
Yanni har erfaring nu.	Yanni has experience now.
Yanni vil aldrig igen tillade dette at ske.	Yanni will never again allow this to happen.
Yanni er ret skeptisk over for det paranormale.	Yanni is fairly skeptical of the paranormal.
Yanni bor i et ret roligt kvarter.	Yanni lives in a pretty quiet neighborhood.
Yanni blev oppe til de tidlige morgentimer.	Yanni stayed up until the early hours of the morning.
Yanni hørte mærkelige lyde.	Yanni heard strange noises.
Yanni sad på sin seng.	Yanni was sitting on his bed.
Yanni tog sine øretelefoner frem og begyndte at lytte omhyggeligt til den støj.	Yanni took his earbuds out and began listening to that noise carefully.
Yanni var næsten lammet af frygt.	Yanni was almost paralyzed with fear.
Yanni mærkede mavehulen vokse sig større.	Yanni felt the pit of his stomach grow larger.
Tom er lidt varm.	Tom's kind of hot.
Yanni var stadig forvirret.	Yanni was still confused.
Yanni bor tæt på.	Yanni lives close by.
Jeg er vild med Tom.	I've got a crush on Tom.
Yanni blev oppe i timevis den nat og forskede i mærkelige dyr.	Yanni stayed up for hours that night researching strange animals.
Yanni kiggede ud af sit vindue.	Yanni looked out of his window.
Yanni fortæller, at der er sket underlige ting i området på det seneste.	Yanni says that weird things have been happening in the area lately.
Yanni kan ikke se noget.	Yanni can't see anything.
Yanni så figuren af ​​en person, der kiggede ind i hans vindue.	Yanni saw the figure of a person peering into his window.
Yanni har svaret.	Yanni has the answer.
Jeg vil gerne afsted nu.	I'd like to leave now.
Jeg vidste ikke, at Tom var trans.	I didn't know Tom was trans.
Jeg vil gerne tale med dig om, hvad der skete i Australien i sidste måned.	I want to talk to you about what happened in Australia last month.
Dagen er lang nok – du skal bare bruge den godt!	The day is long enough – you just have to make good use of it!
Yanni bor i en smuk lejlighed.	Yanni lives in a beautiful apartment.
Yanni gled på isen.	Yanni slipped on the ice.
Yanni havde en kop te.	Yanni had a cup of tea.
Yanni og Skura voksede op sammen.	Yanni and Skura grew up together.
Yanni bliver ikke kaldt svinet for ingenting.	Yanni isn't called the pig for nothing.
Yanni har ikke mad nok.	Yanni doesn't have enough food.
Yanni og Skura kommer ikke sammen.	Yanni and Skura don't get along.
Yanni gav sin hund et fjollet navn.	Yanni gave his dog a silly name.
Yanni tog sig af sin hund.	Yanni took care of his dog.
Yanni siger, at alt er ok med ham.	Yanni says everything is OK with him.
Yannis ven har et problem.	Yanni's friend has got a problem.
Yannis familie var så fattig.	Yanni's family was so poor.
Yanni havde fire forskellige jobs.	Yanni had four different jobs.
Yanni bor sammen med sin kammerat.	Yanni lives with his buddy.
Yanni blev anholdt for butikstyveri.	Yanni was arrested for shoplifting.
Yanni elsker at male.	Yanni loves painting.
Yanni vil tage sig af Skuras hund.	Yanni will take care of Skura's dog.
Yanni var vild med den pige.	Yanni was crazy about that girl.
Jeg vidste ikke, at Tom var transkønnet.	I didn't know Tom was transgender.
Tom sagde, at han ikke var en tyv.	Tom said he wasn't a thief.
Vi taler ikke om dig.	We're not talking about you.
Vi taler om en anden.	We're talking about someone else.
Tom er flamboyant.	Tom is flamboyant.
Vi er ikke hjemme nu.	We're not at home now.
Efterlad venligst en besked efter bippet.	Please leave a message after the beep.
Tom er god til volleyball.	Tom is good at volleyball.
Mor er den bedste!	Mom's the best!
Far er den bedste!	Dad's the best!
Jeg kan godt lide at rejse!	I like travel!
Vi skal ikke holde en kontorjulefest i år.	We're not going to have an office Christmas party this year.
Tom er den, der lærte Mary at svømme.	Tom is the one who taught Mary how to swim.
Jeg ville være frygtelig skuffet, hvis du ikke kom til min fest.	I'd be terribly disappointed if you didn't come to my party.
Tom er den, der sagde til mig, at jeg ikke skulle spise det.	Tom is the one who told me not to eat that.
Chefen gav mig en souvenir.	The boss gave me a souvenir.
Ved du hvordan man maler?	Do you know how to paint?
Jeg går ind på markedet.	I go into the market.
Jeg går ind på markedet.	I enter the market.
Kan du give mig noget?	Could you give me something?
Jeg er helt knust.	I'm totally broke.
Kan du give mig noget?	Could you give me something?
Jeg er flad brok.	I'm flat broke.
En undersøgelse foretaget af forskere ved Storbritanniens University of Nottingham offentliggjort i denne uge tyder på, at der kan være mere end 30 intelligente civilisationer i vores galakse.	A study by researchers at Britain’s University of Nottingham published this week suggests there could be more than 30 intelligent civilizations in our galaxy.
Undersøgelsen brugte en beregning baseret på, hvor lang tid det tog avanceret liv at udvikle sig på Jorden - for omkring fem milliarder år siden - og anvendte det på den kendte galakse.	The study used a calculation based on how long it took advanced life to develop on Earth – about five billion years ago - and applied it to the known galaxy.
Forskerne advarer dog om, at kommunikation med disse fremmede civilisationer kan være vanskelig, da den gennemsnitlige afstand til dem ville være omkring 17.000 lysår.	The researchers caution, however that communication with these alien civilizations could be difficult, as the average distance to them would be about 17,000 light-years.
De beregnede, at der er omkring 36 avancerede civilisationer i Mælkevejen.	They calculated there are about 36 advanced civilizations in the Milky Way.
Baseret på antagelsen om, at avanceret liv - en teknologisk dygtig civilisation, der udsender kommunikation - tager op til fem milliarder år at danne, beregnede forskerne, at der er omkring 36 avancerede civilisationer i Mælkevejen.	Based on the assumption that advanced life – a technologically capable civilization that sends out communications – takes up to five billion years to form, the researchers calculated there are about 36 advanced civilizations in the Milky Way.
Ensomhed betyder at miste sine medmennesker: i det øjeblik, hvor ensomheden er smukkest, er de der ikke.	Solitude means losing one's fellow human beings: at the moment when solitude is most beautiful, they are not there.
I Tyskland arbejder tre millioner mennesker om natten som Tom.	In Germany, three million people work at night like Tom.
Et billigt og bredt tilgængeligt steroidlægemiddel har vist, at det kan redde livet for de mest alvorligt syge COVID-19-patienter.	A cheap and widely available steroid drug has shown it can save the lives of the most seriously ill COVID-19 patients.
Forskere kaldte brugen af ​​dexamethason, der normalt bruges til at reducere betændelse hos patienter med gigt og andre sygdomme, for et "stort gennembrud" i behandlingen af ​​patienter, der er inficeret med coronavirus, som er blevet indlagt og har brug for brug af en ventilator eller supplerende ilt.	Scientists called the use of dexamethasone, normally used to reduce inflammation in patients with arthritis and other diseases, a "major breakthrough" in the treatment of patients infected by the coronavirus who have been hospitalized and need the use of a ventilator or supplemental oxygen.
Jeg kan desværre ikke se videoen før senere, men af ​​erfaring giver jeg den en tommel op.	Unfortunately I can't watch the video until later, but from experience I give it a thumbs up.
Jeg burde være udmattet efter at have gjort alt det, men det er jeg ikke.	I should be exhausted after doing all that, but I'm not.
Tom er den, der skulle gøre det.	Tom is the one who was supposed to do that.
"Nyheder og aktuelle begivenheder er bestemt noget, mit liv altid har været centreret omkring," siger Hannah Zeller, 21.	“News and current events are definitely something my life has always been centered around,” says Hannah Zeller, 21.
Hvornår skal vi mødes i morgen?	What time tomorrow should we meet up?
Min far ville have kunne lide denne video.	My father would have liked this video.
Det er en skam, at jeg fandt det tre måneder for sent.	It's a shame that I found it three months late.
Hannah siger, at mens hun gik i folkeskolen, kendte hun navnene på nyhedsankre på sin lokale aftennyhedstime.	Hannah says that while in grade school, she knew the names of the news anchors on her local evening news hour.
Hannah henvender sig til programmer om aftenen for at holde sig orienteret, men også for at finde humor og trøst.	Hannah turns to late-night programs to stay informed but also to find humor and solace.
"Den konstante syndflod af information kan meget hurtigt flytte dig fra verden af ​​'informeret, proaktiv borger' til 'brand-skraldespand proppet med så meget indhold, at det holder op med at gøre andet end at nære din angst'," siger hun.	“The constant deluge of information can very rapidly shift you from the realm of ‘informed, proactive citizen’ to ‘on-fire garbage can crammed with so much content it ceases to do anything other than feed your anxiety,’” she says.
De er ikke alene om at føle sig overvældet til tider.	They are not alone in feeling overwhelmed at times.
Værter af komedieserier om aftenen gør deres nyhedsmateriale mere fordøjeligt.	Hosts of late-night comedy shows make their news material more digestible.
Jeg tror, ​​at folk ofte ser sent om aftenen-shows og glemmer, at det, de ser, ikke er kendsgerning frit for betydelig bias.	I think people often watch late-night shows and forget that what they’re seeing isn’t fact free from significant bias.
Folk vil tilsyneladende tro hvad som helst i dag.	People will seemingly believe anything nowadays.
Værter som Fallon, Colbert og Noah kan hjælpe yngre mennesker med at føle, at verden er lidt mindre dyster.	Hosts like Fallon, Colbert and Noah can help younger people feel like the world is a little less grim.
At se nyhederne kan nogle gange få mig til at føle mig så hjælpeløs, som om verden er ved at falde fra hinanden, og der er ikke meget, jeg kan gøre for at løse det, end at se det brænde omkring mig.	Watching the news can sometimes make me feel so helpless, like the world is falling apart and there’s little I can do to address it but watch it burn around me.
At høre de samme begivenheder blive gjort til en punchline for monologen på 'The Late Show with Stephen Colbert' får dem til at virke mindre forfærdelige.	Hearing those same events be made into a punchline for the monologue on ‘The Late Show with Stephen Colbert’ makes them seem less dire.
Sasha husker, at hun var seks år gammel, sad ved klaveret ved siden af ​​sin far.	Sasha remembers being six years old, seated at the piano next to her father.
Sasha Masakowski husker, at hun var seks år gammel, sad ved klaveret ved siden af ​​sin far - den berømte jazzguitarist, Steve Masakowski.	Sasha Masakowski remembers being six years old, seated at the piano next to her father -- the renowned jazz guitarist, Steve Masakowski.
Han spillede harmonier som baggrund på guitaren, og han ville opmuntre mig til at improvisere.	He’d play harmonies as background on the guitar, and he would encourage me to improvise.
Han sagde til mig, at jeg skulle spille noget ved at bruge de hvide tangenter eller bare de sorte tangenter, og jeg lavede musik.	He’d tell me to play something using just the white keys or just the black keys, and I’d make up music.
Jeg skammer mig over at indrømme, at jeg ikke har gjort noget igen i dag.	I am ashamed to admit that I have not done anything again today.
Jeg elsker de minder.	I love those memories.
Mere end to årtier senere er Sasha, nu 33, en dygtig musiker i sig selv.	More than two decades later, Sasha, now 33, is an accomplished musician in her own right.
Hun har udgivet fem albums i sin unge karriere og blev for nylig nomineret som New Orleans bedste kvindelige vokalist.	She’s released five albums in her young career and was recently nominated as New Orleans’ best female vocalist.
Hun voksede op i en husstand, hvor musikken altid var tændt.	She grew up in a household in which music was always on.
Hendes far var ikke hendes eneste musikalske forælder.	Her father wasn’t her only musically-inclined parent.
Hendes mor er en succesfuld, klassisk uddannet pianist.	Her mother is a successful, classically trained pianist.
Sasha siger, at nogle af hendes tidligste minder er fra de brasilianske melodier, hendes forældre spillede i hele huset.	Sasha says some of her earliest memories are of the Brazilian melodies her parents played throughout the house.
Jeg hørte sange som 'Pigen fra Ipanema', og jeg lod som om, jeg var brasilianer og sang med på falsk portugisisk.	I’d hear songs like ‘The Girl from Ipanema,’ and I’d pretend I was a Brazilian and sing along in fake Portuguese.
Da Sasha blev ældre, siger hun dog, at hendes interesse for jazz faldt.	As Sasha got older, though, she says her interest in jazz faded.
"Jeg tror, ​​hun så den slags musik, jeg spillede, som musik for gamle mennesker," forklarer hendes far.	“I think she saw the kind of music I played as music for old people,” her Dad explains.
Hun udviklede en kærlighed til en anden slags musik: Britney Spears og NSYNC.	She developed a love for a different kind of music: that of Britney Spears and NSYNC.
Børn gør det modsatte af, hvad deres forældre opfordrer til, og jeg ville bare have, at hun var glad.	Kids do the opposite of what their parents encourage, and I just wanted her to be happy.
Børn gør det modsatte af, hvad deres forældre opfordrer til.	Kids do the opposite of what their parents encourage.
Jeg ville bare have hende til at være glad.	I just wanted her to be happy.
Jeg ville bare have ham til at være glad.	I just wanted him to be happy.
Jeg ville bare have, at Tom var glad.	I just wanted Tom to be happy.
Tom gjorde det modsatte af, hvad hans forældre ville have ham til.	Tom did the opposite of what his parents wanted him to do.
Steve indrømmer, at han håbede, at hans børn ville udvikle en kærlighed til jazz.	Steve admits to hoping his kids would develop a love for jazz.
Jeg ved, at den glæde, musikken kan bringe til live, og det ville jeg have, at de skulle have.	I know the joy music can bring to life and I wanted them to have that.
Jeg tror, ​​hun kunne have haft et par venner i gymnasiet, som var jazzmusikere.	I think she might have had a couple of friends in high school who were jazz musicians.
Jeg var sophomore og havde et enormt forelsket i en sød fyr, der var et par grader ældre end mig.	I was a sophomore and had this massive crush on a cute guy who was a couple of grades older than me.
"Jeg var sophomore og havde et enormt forelsket i en sød fyr, der var et par grader ældre end mig," siger hun grinende.	“I was a sophomore and had this massive crush on a cute guy who was a couple of grades older than me,” she says laughing.
Han var i jazzafdelingen og så virkelig ud til at elske det.	He was in the jazz department and really seemed to love it.
Sasha siger, at hun beundrede ham langvejs fra, indtil den dag, de mødtes.	Sasha says she admired him from afar until the day they met.
Cookie leger aldrig med det legetøj, jeg køber til ham.	Cookie never plays with the toys I buy him.
Det første han gjorde var at tage mine hænder i sine.	The first thing he did was take my hands into his.
Jeg var så spændt, og det første, han gjorde, var at tage mine hænder i sine og sige: "Åh min Gud, du har hans hænder!	I was so excited, and the first thing he did was take my hands into his and say, “Oh my God, you have his hands!
Jeg er så stor fan af din fars!"	I’m such a big fan of your Dad’s!”
Dette tvang hende til at overveje en ubehagelig mulighed - at hendes far og hans musik måske faktisk var cool.	This forced her to consider an uncomfortable possibility -- that maybe her father and his music were, in fact, cool.
Jeg bor i Seoul.	I live in Seoul.
I slutningen af ​​gymnasiet - og mindst en ekstra romantik med en jazzmusiker senere - besluttede Sasha at studere jazz på college i stedet for musikteater.	At the end of high school -- and at least one additional romance with a jazz musician later -- Sasha decided to study jazz in college instead of musical theater.
Hun meldte sig ind på University of New Orleans, hvor hendes far ledede Jazz Studies Program.	She enrolled at the University of New Orleans, where her father headed the Jazz Studies Program.
Der var denne ene klasse, jeg underviste, som begge mine børn var tilmeldt på samme tid.	There was this one class I taught that both my kids were enrolled in at the same time.
De blev ved med at kalde mig 'far' i klassen - hvilket gjorde mig sindssyg - men ellers var det rart.	They kept calling me ‘Dad’ in class -- which drove me nuts -- but otherwise it was nice.
Sasha og Steve elsker at lege sammen.	Sasha and Steve love playing together.
De værner om det fælles sprog, jazzen giver dem.	They cherish the common language jazz gives them.
Et tæt forhold kan nogle gange have sine udfordringer.	A relationship that close can sometimes have its challenges.
Der er en grund til, at han er den bedste.	There’s a reason he’s the best.
Det er hendes fars flid, der gjorde det muligt for ham at blive en så berømt musiker.	It’s her father’s diligence that allowed him to become such a renowned musician.
Han har et drive til at være så god.	He has a drive to be so good.
Den arbejdsmoral betyder, at han ikke vil tolerere, at jeg er på min telefon under en prøve.	That work ethic means he won’t tolerate me being on my phone during a rehearsal.
Han er aldrig bleg for at give mig ting at arbejde på.	He’s never shy to give me things to work on.
Jeg mistede en, der var meget vigtig for mig.	I lost someone very important to me.
Sasha siger, at hun ikke har noget imod hans kritik, fordi hun ved, at han kommer fra et kærlighedssted.	Sasha says she doesn’t mind his criticism because she knows he’s coming from a place of love.
Han vil have mig til at lykkes.	He wants me to succeed.
Det ved jeg.	I know that.
Han vil have mig til at lykkes.	He wants me to succeed.
Nogle gange er hun på sin telefon, fordi musikere i dag skal være marketingsguider, videoredaktører og meget mere.	Sometimes she’s on her phone because musicians today have to be marketing wizards, video editors and so much more.
Steves stolthed over sine børn er tydelig.	Steve’s pride in his children is clear.
"Med Sasha kan jeg huske, at hun sang fra sin barnevogn," siger han.	“With Sasha, I remember her singing from her stroller,” he says.
"Vi var i en gammel kirke i Tyskland, og hun var kun et lille barn, men hun var så fascineret af, hvordan hendes stemme lød med akustikken."	“We were in an old church in Germany and she was just a little kid, but she was so fascinated with how her voice sounded with the acoustics.”
Sasha er kendt for sin musikalitet og hendes evne til at improvisere eller "scat".	Sasha is known for her musicality and her ability to improvise or “scat.”
Det er en færdighed, der ikke er almindelig blandt sangere.	It’s a skill that’s not common among singers.
Improvisation skræmmer mange vokalister, men for mig føler jeg mig som en lille komponist igen ved klaveret ved siden af ​​min far.	Improvising scares a lot of vocalists, but for me I feel like a little composer again at the piano next to my Dad.
Jeg elsker det i høj grad på grund af ham.	I love it in large part because of him.
NOAAs videnskabelige integritetspolitik forbyder politisk indblanding i udførelsen og kommunikationen af ​​agenturets videnskabelige resultater.	NOAA’s scientific integrity policy prohibits political interference with the conduct and communication of the agency’s scientific findings.
Mary tog et mudderbad.	Mary took a mud bath.
Tom tog et mudderbad.	Tom took a mud bath.
Disse blomster har brug for vand.	These flowers need water.
Bladene er allerede visne.	The leaves already wilted.
Vær ikke så stædig!	Don't be so stubborn!
Hvordan siger du så smukt?	How do you say so beautifully?
Jo klogere giver efter.	The wiser gives in.
Selvom det er en regional sammenkomst, indeholder brochuren fremtrædende navne.	Although it is a regional gathering, the brochure contains prominent names.
Pludselig giver alt mening.	Suddenly everything makes sense.
Det er okay at tage et bad først.	It's okay to take a bath first.
Det er okay at bade først.	It's okay to bathe first.
Du ville fortælle mig, hvis der var et problem, ville du ikke?	You'd tell me if there were a problem, wouldn't you?
Tom er den, der skulle gøre dette.	Tom is the one who was supposed to do this.
Jeg er 27 år gammel.	I'm 27 years old.
Hvor skal vi mødes?	Where should we meet up?
Vi får sandsynligvis ikke ekstra betalt for at gøre det.	We're not likely to get paid extra for doing that.
Tom er den eneste, der gav mig en gave.	Tom is the only one that gave me a present.
Hospitalets opland er sygehusets by plus de 3 tilstødende byer.	The hospital's catchment area is the hospital's city plus the 3 adjacent towns.
Nej, det havde jeg slet ikke forventet; det var en total blindside.	No, I wasn't expecting that at all; it was a total blindside.
Jeg kasserer normalt den grønne del af spidskålen, men min mor bruger det hele.	I usually discard the green part of the scallion, but my mom uses the whole thing.
Promo-billederne er ret gode, men videoteaseren ser forældet ud.	The promo photos are pretty good, but the video teaser looks outdated.
Det havde jeg aldrig gjort, hvis du ikke havde været der.	I'd never have done that if you hadn't been there.
Tom er den eneste, der nogensinde har prøvet at hjælpe.	Tom is the only one who ever tried to help.
Jeg ville aldrig selv overveje at gøre sådan noget.	I'd never even consider doing something like that.
Tom er den eneste person, der forstod Mary.	Tom is the only person who understood Mary.
Jeg vil gerne vide, hvorfor du ikke var der.	I'd like to know the reason why you weren't there.
Tom sidder for sig selv på verandaen.	Tom is sitting by himself on the back porch.
Det ville jeg være holdt op med, hvis du havde bedt mig om det.	I'd have stopped doing that if you'd asked me to.
Tom blev dræbt lige efter 2:30 i morges.	Tom was killed just after 2:30 this morning.
Vi er endnu ikke overbeviste om, at vi skal gøre det.	We're not yet convinced that we should do that.
Tom vil få at vide, at han ikke behøver at gøre det.	Tom will be told he doesn't need to do that.
Jeg havde aldrig kunnet gøre det på egen hånd.	I'd never have been able to do that on my own.
Tom har fået at vide, at han ikke behøver at gøre det.	Tom has been told he doesn't have to do that.
Vi burde være udenfor på en dejlig dag som denne.	We should be outside on a nice day like this.
Tom er den eneste, der ikke gjorde det rigtigt.	Tom is the only one who didn't do that right.
Det ville jeg nok kunne rette ret hurtigt.	I'd probably be able to fix that fairly quickly.
Tom er den eneste, der ikke gjorde det forkert.	Tom is the only one who didn't do that wrong.
Jeg ville aldrig klage over sådan noget.	I'd never complain about something like that.
Tom var omkring tretten år gammel på det tidspunkt.	Tom was about thirteen years old at that time.
Det er en ko.	It's a cow.
Jeg ville blive overrasket, hvis du kunne gøre det.	I'd be surprised if you were able to do that.
Tom var på basketballholdet i gymnasiet.	Tom was on the basketball team in high school.
Vi skal ikke bo på det hotel igen.	We're not going to stay at that hotel again.
Tom blev løsladt fra fængslet tidligt i morges.	Tom was released from jail early this morning.
Tyren brød ud af indhegningen.	The bull broke out of the enclosure.
Nogle gange vinder tyren.	Sometimes the bull wins.
Jeg fandt flere ting, der manglede på mit værelse.	I found several things missing from my room.
Tom blev idømt tre måneder bag tremmer.	Tom was sentenced to three months behind bars.
Tom er blevet fundet skyldig i forseelse.	Tom has been found guilty of misconduct.
Vi er endnu ikke overbeviste om, at vi skal gøre det.	We're not yet convinced we should do that.
Tom var den eneste, der ikke havde et alibi.	Tom was the only one who didn't have an alibi.
Jeg kan godt lide at spise gelébønner.	I like eating jelly beans.
Hun kom i bil.	She came by car.
Indtast blot din adgangskode her, og Bob er din onkel - du er med.	Just enter your password here, and Bob's your uncle - you're in.
Det er sandsynligt, at vi ikke gør det sammen.	We're not very likely to do that together.
Tom gik til en nærliggende restaurant for at spise frokost.	Tom went to a nearby restaurant to have lunch.
Denne ring er slet ikke skinnende.	This ring isn't shiny at all.
Hun læste alle bøgerne om Muminerne.	She read all the books about the Moomins.
Manden kom til Moskva.	The man came to Moscow.
Hvad skal de købe?	What do they need to buy?
Hvorfor stoppede du kun de ukendte mennesker?	Why did you stop only the unfamiliar people?
Det har vi ikke tænkt os at gøre sammen.	We're not planning on doing that together.
Hvorfor stoppede du kun de ukendte?	Why did you stop only the unfamiliar ones?
Tom gjorde meget for at dække sine spor.	Tom went to great lengths to cover his tracks.
Det er ikke særlig sandsynligt, at vi rejser sammen.	We're not very likely to travel together.
Tom kommer godt ud af det med alle sine klassekammerater.	Tom gets along well with all of his classmates.
Jeg ville have hjulpet dig, hvis du havde bedt mig om det.	I'd have helped you if you'd asked me to.
Tom blev fyret, fordi han var uhøflig over for kunder.	Tom got fired because he was rude to customers.
Jeg ville være meget stolt af dig, hvis du gjorde det.	I'd be very proud of you if you did that.
Tom blev ramt af en bil og kom alvorligt til skade.	Tom got hit by a car and was seriously injured.
Jeg kan ikke tro, at der findes vandmeloner.	I can't believe watermelons exist.
Hvorfor ville en plante gøre sin frugt så lækker?	Why would a plant make its fruit so delicious?
1980'erne oplevede en overflod af actionfyldte film.	The 1980s saw an abundance of action-packed movies.
Katten vil have vinduet åbnet.	The cat wants the window opened.
Er delvist hydrogeneret olie farligt for vores helbred?	Is partially hydrogenated oil dangerous to our health?
Nonnerne gik op til klostret.	The nuns went up to the cloister.
Virksomheden oprettede en fokusgruppe til at håndtere klager.	The company created a focus group to handle grievances.
Deltageren holdt sin ekstemporetale tale med sådan velbehag.	The contestant delivered her extemporaneous speech with such gusto.
Det typiske bærbare tastatur har en masse indbyggede funktionstaster.	The typical laptop keyboard has a bunch of built-in function keys.
Tryk blot på denne funktionstast på tastaturet for at øge lydstyrken på din lyd.	Just press this function key on the keyboard to increase the volume of your audio.
Lad os pusle over Lewis Carrolls pudeproblemer!	Let's puzzle over Lewis Carroll's Pillow-Problems!
Den vuggestue har en ganske udmærket kravlegård.	That nursery has a pretty decent playpen.
Laurbærblade er en nøgleingrediens i hans adobo-opskrift.	Bay leaves are a key ingredient in his adobo recipe.
Aktiv tørgær skal først opløses i vand, før du bruger den i din opskrift.	Active dry yeast needs to be dissolved in water first before using it in your recipe.
Tilsætning af hønsefond er en måde at tilføje smag til dine grøntsagsretter.	Adding chicken stock is one way to add flavor to your vegetable dishes.
Du skal have din rimelige andel af opgaverne.	You must have your fair share of the tasks.
At tilføje en lugt honning til surdejsbrød gør grillet ost så meget bedre.	Adding a smack of honey to sour dough bread makes grilled cheese so much better.
Dobbelte kammuslinggardiner ses almindeligvis i gamle teatre.	Double scallop curtains are commonly seen in old theaters.
Pasta med rejer og kammuslinger smager så godt.	Shrimp and scallop pasta tastes so good.
Hun gav ham et sideblik under hele foredraget.	She gave him a sidelong glance all throughout the lecture.
Fedtfri er ikke nødvendigvis sundt, da sukkerholdige snacks ofte mærkes på denne måde.	Fat-free isn't necessarily healthy, as sugary snacks are often labeled this way.
Jeg ville gerne have, hvis nogen gjorde det for mig.	I'd like it if somebody did that for me.
Det Nye Testamente er opfyldelsen af ​​Det Gamle Testamente.	The New Testament is the fulfillment of the Old Testament.
Tom har en bachelor i musikpædagogik.	Tom has a bachelor's degree in music education.
Det Gamle Testamente fortalte oprindelsen af ​​de 10 bud, hvorimod Det Nye Testamente sammenfattede det i 2 bud: "Elsk Gud over alt andet, og elsk din næste som dig selv."	The Old Testament told the origin of the 10 Commandments, whereas the New Testament summarized it into 2 commandments: "Love God above all else, and Love your neighbor as yourself."
"Det Nye Testamente" var romersk anti-jødisk propaganda.	The "New Testament" was Roman anti-Jewish propaganda.
Hvis du ikke indløser dit gavekort, vil virksomheden ikke nødvendigvis få den fulde omsætning fra det pågældende gavekort.	If you don't redeem your gift card, the company won't necessarily get the full revenue from that gift card.
Stop med at spilde din tid med at læse sladderspalten!	Stop wasting your time reading the gossip column!
Lignelsen om talenterne er en af ​​mine favoritter.	The parable of the talents is one of my favorites.
Nogle skoleuniformer har en hvid camisole i ensemblet.	Some school uniforms incorporate a white camisole into the ensemble.
Medarbejderne kan ikke lade være med at føle sig demoraliserede, efter at deres administrerende direktør tilbagekaldte deres hjemmearbejdsprivilegier under COVID-19-pandemien.	The employees can't help but feel demoralized after their CEO revoked their work from home privileges during the COVID-19 pandemic.
Lederen bad om at få installeret en bøjle tæt ved indgangen i sidste sæson.	The manager asked for a coat hanger to be installed near the entrance last season.
Gamle rige familier plejede at ansætte en guvernante til at passe deres børn.	Old rich families used to employ a governess to look after their children.
I gamle dage var det sædvane, at en herre havde en serenade med sin elskede.	In the old days, it was customary for a gentleman to serenade his beloved.
Romerne havde brug for at skabe en ny religion, der var venlig over for deres besættelse og ville forhindre de voldelige opstande, som den jødiske messianisme havde forudset.	The Romans needed to create a new religion that was friendly to their occupation and would prevent the violent uprisings anticipated by Jewish Messianism.
Når noget ikke giver mening, hænger det ikke sammen.	When something does not make sense, it does not add up.
Rammen på den gamle iPhone-model var hvid.	The bezel on that old iPhone model was white.
En smartphone-ramme er plast- eller metalkanten på dens forside, der omgiver skærmen.	A smartphone bezel is the plastic or metal border on its front surface, surrounding the screen.
Romerne har måske eller måske ikke baseret Jesu karakter på en person, der faktisk levede.	The Romans may or may not have based the character of Jesus on a person who actually lived.
Det er ikke særlig sandsynligt, at vi synger sammen.	We're not very likely to sing together.
Tom er den eneste, der ikke gjorde det korrekt.	Tom is the only one who didn't do that correctly.
Jeg boede i Rio, da der stadig var sporvogne.	I lived in Rio when there were still trams.
Hvilken smuk by!	What a beautiful city!
Jeg savner det stadig...	I still miss it...
Jeg kan spekulere alt, hvad jeg vil, om universets natur og "virkeligheden", men det ville bare være spekulation.	I can speculate all I want about the nature of the universe and "reality," but such would be just speculation.
Jeg kan sige, at vores virkelighed er som en computersimulering.	I can say that our reality is like a computer simulation.
Jeg kan sige, at vores virkelighed er som et hologram.	I can say that our reality is like a hologram.
Jeg kan sige, at vores virkelighed er som en drøm.	I can say that our reality is like a dream.
Der er mange flere, jeg kan sige.	There are many more I-can-say's.
De er spekulationer.	They are speculations.
Som mennesker er vi som kaniner, fordi selv hvis højere væsener skulle fortælle os sandheden, så forstår vi måske stadig ikke.	As humans, we are like rabbits in that even if higher beings were to tell us the truth, we still might not understand.
Vi er ikke de eneste, der vil gøre det.	We're not the only ones who'll do that.
Tom får at vide, at han ikke behøver at gøre det.	Tom will be told that he doesn't need to do that.
Det har vi ikke tænkt os at gøre sammen.	We're not planning to do that together.
Tom kom i slagsmål med nogen til festen i går aftes.	Tom got into a fight with someone at the party last night.
Ingen klagede over det.	Nobody complained about that.
Tom tørrer opvasken af.	Tom is wiping the dishes.
Det er nemmere at opdrage dit andet barn.	It's easier to raise your second child.
Jeg ville aldrig såre nogen.	I'd never hurt anyone.
Tom burde allerede være der.	Tom should already be there.
Lad være med at foregive at være interesseret i det.	Don't pretend to be interested in it.
Det ville jeg nægte at gøre.	I'd refuse to do that.
Tom tænker kun på sig selv.	Tom only thinks about himself.
Tom sagde, at han ingen steder havde at sove.	Tom said he had nowhere to sleep.
Vi er ikke på listen.	We're not on the list.
Jeg tager franskundervisning med mine venner.	I take French classes with my friends.
Tom sagde, at han ville komme, og det gjorde han.	Tom said he'd come and he did.
Er det din brolly?	Is this your brolly?
Jeg tager ikke imod gaver.	I don't accept gifts.
Vi er endnu ikke perfekte.	We're not yet perfect.
Yanni så ikke Skura i torsdags.	Yanni didn't see Skura on Thursday.
Det skulle Yanni faktisk ikke gøre.	Yanni wasn't actually supposed to do that.
Yannis blev identificeret ud fra hans tøj.	Yanni's was identified based on his clothing.
Yanni var fuldstændig knust.	Yanni was completely devastated.
Yanni ønskede Skura en god dag og gik.	Yanni wished Skura a good day and left.
Yanni var dækket af snavs.	Yanni was covered in dirt.
Yanni hjalp Skura med at dræbe Ziri.	Yanni helped Skura kill Ziri.
Yanni har et par venner i Algeriet.	Yanni has a few friends in Algeria.
Yanni havde en lignende oplevelse.	Yanni had a similar experience.
Jeg burde være nedenunder.	I should be downstairs.
Tom stod derovre i lang tid.	Tom stood over there for a long time.
Jeg burde snart være klar.	I should be ready soon.
Tom er overbevist om, at Mary ikke behøver at gøre det.	Tom is convinced Mary won't need to do that.
Ved at styrke selvbevidstheden får en person magten til at ændre sig selv.	By strengthening self-awareness, a person gains the power to change himself.
Det burde jeg gøre igen.	I should do that again.
Tom er ret sikker på, at han vil være i stand til det.	Tom is pretty sure he'll be able to do that.
Jeg burde blive klippet.	I should get a haircut.
Tom er den eneste, der ikke drikker øl.	Tom is the only one who isn't drinking beer.
Stakkels stegosaurus.	Poor stegosaurus.
God stegosaurus!	Good stegosaurus!
Hun elsker stegosaurusser.	She adores stegosauruses.
Jeg kan godt lide stegosaurusser.	I like stegosauruses.
Drømmer stegosaurusser?	Do stegosauruses dream?
Stegosaurusen undslap.	The stegosaurus escaped.
Hvilken støj laver en stegosaurus?	What noise does a stegosaurus make?
Selv hvis der var 30 millioner palæstinensere, skulle de alle have ret til at vende tilbage til Palæstina.	Even if there were 30 million Palestinians, they should all have the right to return to Palestine.
Jeg burde gå tidligt hjem.	I should go home early.
Tom er den eneste, der ikke drikker vin.	Tom is the only one who isn't drinking wine.
Jeg burde gå i seng nu.	I should go to bed now.
Tom er den eneste, der var i stand til at gøre det.	Tom is the only one who was able to do that.
Det ville jeg være i stand til.	I'd be able to do that.
Tom er meget bekymret for sin kones helbred.	Tom is very worried about his wife's health.
Jeg ville aldrig såre nogen.	I'd never hurt anybody.
Tom blev sendt til rektors kontor i dag.	Tom got sent to the principal's office today.
Tom er en god mand og en vidunderlig far.	Tom is a good husband and a wonderful father.
Vi vinder måske denne gang.	We might win this time.
Tom er overbevist om, at Mary ikke vil være i stand til det.	Tom is convinced Mary won't be able to do that.
Vi endte med at tilslutte os.	We ended up hooking up.
Jeg talte lige med hende om dig.	I was just talking to her about you.
Jeg kan godt forstå hendes franske.	I can understand her French pretty well.
Måske er jeg dog bare dum.	Maybe I'm just silly, though.
Jeg er over det hele i aften.	I'm all over the place tonight.
Jeg er ekstremt deprimeret på det seneste.	I'm extremely depressed lately.
Jeg har været ekstremt deprimeret på det seneste.	I've been extremely depressed lately.
Det er en kompliceret ting af så mange grunde.	It's a complicated thing for so many reasons.
Det skulle jeg lige have afklaret.	I just had to get that clarified.
Fik jeg dem forvekslet med en anden?	Did I have them confused with someone else?
Jeg er så queer.	I'm so queer.
Jeg ville bare være behjælpelig på så mange måder som muligt.	I just wanted to be helpful in as many ways as possible.
Du kunne gå med en paryk i et stykke tid, mens du voksede dit hår ud.	You could wear a wig for a while while you grew your hair out.
Hvis du kender nogen, der kunne være interesseret i dette, er du velkommen til at give det videre.	If you know anyone who might be interested in this, feel free to pass it along.
Han er etbenet.	He is one-legged.
Vi kommer ikke til at vinde.	We're not going to win.
Tom er overbevist om, at Mary ikke behøver at gøre det.	Tom is convinced that Mary won't need to do that.
Tom er en god mand og en vidunderlig far.	Tom is a good husband and a wonderful daddy.
Pirater fra Boston siger: "Ahhhhh!"	Pirates from Boston say, "Ahhhhh!"
Vi er ikke børn længere.	We're not kids anymore.
Tom er ret sikker på, at han vil være i stand til det.	Tom is pretty sure that he'll be able to do that.
Du vil leve hundrede år.	You will live a hundred years.
Det fælles Europa- og U.S.S. Solar Orbiter-rumfartøj har foretaget sin første tætte tilgang til Solen, når det kommer så tæt på som 77 millioner kilometer og tager de nærmeste billeder af solen, der nogensinde er taget.	The joint Europe and U.S. Solar Orbiter spacecraft has made its first close approach to the Sun, getting as close as 77 million kilometers and taking the closest images of the sun ever captured.
Forskere håber, at instrumenterne om bord på orbiteren vil hjælpe med at løse mysterierne om vores nærmeste stjernes indre.	Scientists hope the instruments on board the orbiter will help solve the mysteries of the inner workings of our nearest star.
Rumfartøjet vil flyve inden for 42 millioner kilometer fra solen, tættere på end Merkur.	The spacecraft will fly to within 42 million kilometers of the sun, closer than Mercury.
Rumfartøjet vil flyve inden for 42 millioner kilometer fra solen, tættere på end Merkur.	The spacecraft will fly to within 42 million kilometers of the sun, closer than Mercury.
På den afstand vil den møde temperaturer op til 600 grader Celsius, næsten varm nok til at smelte aluminium.	At that distance, it will face temperatures up to 600 degrees Celsius, almost hot enough to melt aluminum.
Hvis missionen fungerer som forventet, vil Solar Orbiter være i stand til at tage de første billeder af Solens poler samt undersøge heliosfæren og solvinden.	If the mission works as expected, the Solar Orbiter will be able to take the first images of the Sun's poles as well as investigate the heliosphere and solar wind.
Efter slyngeskud omkring Venus forventes Solar Orbiter at lave sit første tætte solpas i begyndelsen af ​​2022.	After sling-shotting around Venus, the Solar Orbiter is expected to make its first close solar pass in early 2022.
Efter 131 år sagde Quaker Oats, at det trækker tante Jemima-navnet tilbage fra dets pandekageblandinger og sirup sammen med billedet af en smilende afroamerikansk kvinde.	After 131 years, Quaker Oats said it is retiring the Aunt Jemima name from its pancake mixes and syrup along with the image of a smiling African American woman.
Rasen over George Floyds død, mens han var i politiets varetægt i Minneapolis, fik hele nationen til at genoverveje racisme og ulighed mellem afroamerikanere og andre farvede mennesker og hvide amerikanere.	The furor over the death of George Floyd while in Minneapolis police custody prompted the entire nation to re-examine racism and inequality between African Americans and other people of color, and white Americans.
"Vi anerkender, at tante Jemimas oprindelse er baseret på en racemæssig stereotype.	"We recognize Aunt Jemima's origins are based on a racial stereotype.
Selvom der gennem årene er blevet arbejdet på at opdatere mærket på en måde, der er beregnet til at være passende og respektfuld, indser vi, at disse ændringer ikke er nok," sagde talskvinde Kristin Kroepfl.	While work has been done over the years to update the brand in a manner intended to be appropriate and respectful, we realize those changes are not enough," spokeswoman Kristin Kroepfl said.
Billedet af tante Jemima på pandekageboksen har i årenes løb udviklet sig fra en overvægtig kvinde med tørklædehoved til en slank, moderne kvinde.	The picture of Aunt Jemima on the pancake box has evolved over the years from an overweight, kerchief-headed woman to a slim, modern woman.
Tidligere i år droppede Land O'Lakes billedet af en indiansk kvinde fra sine pakker med smør og andre mejeriprodukter.	Earlier this year, Land O'Lakes dropped the picture of a Native American woman from its packages of butter and other dairy foods.
Italienerne er klar over, at virussen ikke er blevet fuldstændig besejret endnu.	Italians are aware the virus has not been completely defeated yet.
Plakater og skilte minder kunder i butikker og offentlige rum om behovet for at opretholde social afstand, bære beskyttelsesmasker og desinficere sine hænder.	Posters and signs remind customers at stores and public spaces about the need to maintain social distancing, wear protective masks and sanitize one’s hands.
For mange var genåbningen af ​​biografer et følelsesladet øjeblik.	For many, the reopening of movie theaters was an emotional moment.
Især unge mennesker er klar til sommerhygge, da natklubber og diskoteker også genåbnede.	Young people especially are ready for summer fun, as nightclubs and discos also re-opened.
Klubejere udtrykker bekymring for, at det bliver meget vanskeligt at håndhæve nogle af reglerne, der omfatter, at kunder skal danse en meter fra hinanden.	Club owners are expressing concerns that it will be very difficult to enforce some of the rules that include customers having to dance one meter apart.
Skolerne forventes at genåbne i september.	Schools are expected to reopen in September.
Vi er ikke millionærer.	We're not millionaries.
Tom vil ikke være i stand til at købe alt, hvad han har brug for.	Tom won't be able to buy everything that he needs.
Du kan gøre som du vil.	You may do as you like.
Tom er overbevist om, at Mary ikke vil være i stand til det.	Tom is convinced that Mary won't be able to do that.
Er du så sikker på, at det er en tilfældighed?	Are you so sure it is a coincidence?
Er du sikker på, at det er en tilfældighed?	Are you sure it is a coincidence?
Er du sikker på, at det er en tilfældighed?	Are you sure it's a coincidence?
Du skal måske vente.	You might have to wait.
Tom burde kunne gøre det uden nogens hjælp.	Tom should be able to do that without anyone's help.
Du må være frustreret.	You must be frustrated.
Tom gav os et lift til byen.	Tom gave us a lift to town.
Du burde få jobbet.	You should get the job.
Tom var klar over vores planer.	Tom was aware of our plans.
Dorcas bragte frisk te.	Dorcas brought in fresh tea.
Er du ikke også min ven?	Aren't you my friend too?
"Jeg er en meget dårlig ven."	"I am a very bad friend."
"Hvorfor siger du det?"	"Why do you say that?"
"Fordi det er sandt.	"Because it is true.
Jeg er charmerende over for mine venner den ene dag, og glemmer alt om dem den næste."	I am charming to my friends one day, and forget all about them the next."
Alligevel ser du ud til at være uvægerligt charmerende over for Dr. Bauerstein!	Yet you seem to be invariably charming to Dr. Bauerstein!
Øjeblikkeligt fortrød jeg mine ord.	Instantly I regretted my words.
Uden et ord vendte hun sig om og gik hurtigt op ad trappen, mens jeg stod som en idiot og gabte efter hende.	Without a word, she turned and went swiftly up the stairs, whilst I stood like an idiot gaping after her.
Det burde jeg prøve at gøre.	I should try doing that.
Tom forsømmer ofte sit arbejde.	Tom often neglects his work.
Tom dukkede op kl. 14.30.	Tom showed up at 2:30.
Jeg burde have stolet på dig.	I should've trusted you.
Tom så aldrig sin kone igen.	Tom never saw his wife again.
Vi burde ikke være udenfor.	We shouldn't be outside.
Vi er ikke morderne.	We're not the murderers.
Tom brugte aftenen på at læse.	Tom spent the evening reading.
Vi har ikke ret travlt endnu.	We're not very busy yet.
Tom smed mig ud af huset.	Tom threw me out of the house.
Vi er endnu ikke overbeviste.	We're not yet convinced.
Tom var bekymret for sit job.	Tom was anxious about his job.
Var far og mor i stand til at logge på dette?	Dad and Mom were able to log board this?
Du burde være spærret inde.	You should be locked up.
Tom havde ingen medskyldige.	Tom didn't have any accomplices.
Du burde være sikker her.	You should be safe here.
Tom har altid travlt på hverdage.	Tom is always busy on weekdays.
Du skulle bare gå væk.	You should just go away.
Tom er vant til sådanne situationer.	Tom is used to such situations.
Du burde synge med os.	You should sing with us.
Tom bor i en meget lille by.	Tom lives in a very small town.
Hun kan lide at have boxershorts på, hun kan ikke lide trusser og kan heller ikke lide stringtross.	She likes wearing boxer briefs, she doesn't like briefs, and also doesn't like thongs.
Koen larmer.	The cow is mooing.
Jeg har aldrig kunnet forstå glæden ved at se fodbold, haha.	I have never been able to understand the joy of watching football, haha.
Han købte en æske jordbær.	He bought a box of strawberries.
Du skal ikke trække dig tilbage.	You shouldn't back down.
Wow, hvad laver du?	Wow, what are you doing?
Kina, ellers kendt som Folkerepublikken Kina, ligger i Østasien på den vestlige kyst af Stillehavet.	China, otherwise known as the People's Republic of China, is located in east Asia, on the western coast of the Pacific ocean.
Hjorten brøler.	The stag is roaring.
Hvis økonomisk globalisering er uundgåelig, bør den primært tjene menneskeheden frem for transnationale selskabers interesser.	If economic globalization is inevitable, it should primarily serve humanity rather than the interests of trans-national corporations.
Jeg ville være dum at gøre det.	I'd be a fool to do that.
Tom så aldrig sin mor igen.	Tom never saw his mother again.
Hver sætning på Tatoeba handler om, at Tom og Mary tager til Boston.	Every sentence on Tatoeba is about Tom and Mary going to Boston.
Filmen vandt hendes popularitet.	The film gained her popularity.
Sult gør én ond.	Hunger makes one mean.
Sult gør en vred.	Hunger makes one angry.
Giv mig mere mælk.	Give me more milk.
Jeg forstår russisk.	I understand Russian.
Jeg ville aldrig gå der alene.	I'd never go there alone.
Tom vil gerne farve sit hår lyserødt.	Tom wants to dye his hair pink.
Vi vil aldrig glemme din venlighed.	We will never forget your kindness.
Jeg ville aldrig vente så længe.	I'd never wait that long.
Tom blev anklaget for at være spion.	Tom was accused of being a spy.
Du burde være nedenunder.	You should be downstairs.
Tom brækkede armen, da han spillede rugby.	Tom broke his arm playing rugby.
Jeg vil bare skændes lidt.	I just want to rant a little bit.
Det burde du gøre igen.	You should do that again.
Tom forklarede os sine grunde.	Tom explained his reasons to us.
Jeg fortsatte med at træne.	I continued training.
Jeg har seksogtyve kvæg uden for mit hus.	I have twenty-six cattle outside my house.
Du burde spise frokost nu.	You should eat lunch now.
Tom finder fejl ved alt.	Tom finds fault with everything.
Vask dine hænder for at holde dig sund.	Wash your hands to stay healthy.
Hunden skræmmer ham.	The dog scares him.
Hjorten brøler i skoven.	The stag is roaring in the forest.
Det er sommer, blomsterne er her.	It's Summer, the flowers are here.
Kan du se den have?	Do you see that garden?
Du burde blive klippet.	You should get a haircut.
Tom gav alt, hvad han havde, væk.	Tom gave away everything he had.
Tom er opslugt af musikken.	Tom is absorbed in the music.
Kan du hjælpe mig med at oversætte denne sætning til dit modersmål?	Can you help me translate this sentence into your native language?
Denne udvidelse foregav at advare brugere om tvivlsomme websteder.	This extension purported to warn users about questionable websites.
Udvidelsen fjernede browserhistorikken.	The extension siphoned off browsing history.
Det ville jeg gøre, hvis jeg havde tid.	I'd do that if I had time.
Tom har mange kreative ideer.	Tom has a lot of creative ideas.
Jeg ved ikke, hvordan man oversætter denne sætning til russisk.	I don't know how to translate this sentence into Russian.
Jeg vil gerne se dig der.	I'd like to see you there.
Tom sagde, at han ville ringe tilbage klokken 14.30.	Tom said he'd call back at 2:30.
Livet vender gradvist tilbage til sin sædvanlige gang.	Life is gradually returning to its usual course.
Vi er der ikke helt endnu.	We're not quite there yet.
Tom fortalte sine venner sin hemmelighed.	Tom told his friends his secret.
Vi er ikke sikre på, hvad vi skal gøre.	We're not sure what to do.
Tom tog mig i sin tillid.	Tom took me into his confidence.
Mine forældre forstår ingenting.	My parents don't understand anything.
Denne stol er forholdsvis lille.	This chair is relatively small.
Stolen er forholdsvis lille.	The chair is relatively small.
Vi er ikke særlig sultne endnu.	We're not very hungry yet.
Tom kom for sent til sit eget bryllup.	Tom was late to his own wedding.
Du burde lade mig gøre det.	You should let me do that.
Tom og jeg er bror og søster.	Tom and I are brother and sister.
Du ville være svær at erstatte.	You'd be tough to replace.
Tom spurgte mig, om jeg kunne lide ham.	Tom asked me whether I liked him.
Jeg kan regne med dig, håber jeg.	I can count on you, I hope.
Tom løste problemet med det samme.	Tom fixed the problem right away.
Han indhentede mig.	He caught up with me.
Jeg kan stole på dig, ikke?	I can rely on you, can't I?
Her er Johnny!	Here's Johnny!
Tom hørte nogen kalde hans navn.	Tom heard somebody call his name.
Jeg er her måske ikke i morgen.	I may not be here tomorrow.
Tom præsenterede mig for sine søstre.	Tom introduced me to his sisters.
Marie går med smukke øreringe hele tiden.	Marie wears beautiful earrings all the time.
Det klogere hoved giver efter.	The wiser head gives in.
Der var ikke tid til det.	There wasn't any time for it.
Hvorfor ringede du ikke til mig i går?	Why did you not call me yesterday?
Hvorfor ringede du ikke til mig i går?	Why didn't you call me yesterday?
Selvom calvinismen ikke opstod i Ungarn, er den traditionelt blevet kaldt den "ungarske tro".	Even though Calvinism did not originate in Hungary, traditionally it has been called the "Hungarian faith."
Det ville jeg være tøvende med at gøre.	I'd be hesitant to do that.
Tom er her ikke, fordi han er syg.	Tom isn't here because he's sick.
Det ville jeg nok gøre igen.	I'd probably do that again.
Vi er ikke bange for nogen.	We're not scared of anyone.
Tom skyldte et stort beløb.	Tom owed a large amount of money.
Under indespærringen opdagede pariserne fuglenes sang.	During the confinement, the Parisians discovered the song of the birds.
Jeg burde have en hund, synes jeg.	I should get a dog, I think.
Tom spurgte mig, om jeg kunne lide matematik.	Tom asked me whether I liked math.
Jeg ville være perfekt til det job.	I'd be perfect for that job.
Tom fik en bedre score end jeg.	Tom got a better score than I did.
Jeg er vant til sådanne situationer.	I'm used to such situations.
Tom er højere end Mary med et hoved.	Tom is taller than Mary by a head.
Tallene er forfalsket.	The numbers have been forged.
Vi er ikke bange for nogen.	We're not afraid of anybody.
Tom dukkede op tredive minutter for sent.	Tom turned up thirty minutes late.
Indadtil adskilte de andre mænd sig fra de tidligere arter ved, at de havde smidt de fleste af de primitive levn, som havde hæmmet de første mænd mere, end man var klar over.	Inwardly the Second Men differed from the earlier species in that they had shed most of those primitive relics which had hampered the First Men more than was realized.
Ikke alene var de fri for blindtarm, mandler og andre ubrugelige ekskrementer, men også hele deres struktur var mere fast sammenflettet til enhed.	Not only were they free of appendix, tonsils and other useless excrescences, but also their whole structure was more firmly knit into unity.
Deres kemiske organisation var sådan, at deres væv blev holdt i bedre reparation.	Their chemical organization was such that their tissues were kept in better repair.
Deres tænder, selvom de var forholdsmæssigt små og få, var næsten fuldstændig immune mod caries.	Their teeth, though proportionately small and few, were almost completely immune from caries.
Sådan var deres kirteludstyr, at puberteten ikke begyndte før de var tyve; og ikke før de var halvtredsindstyve nåede de modenhed.	Such was their glandular equipment that puberty did not begin till twenty; and not till they were fifty did they reach maturity.
Ved omkring hundrede og halvfems begyndte deres kræfter at svigte, og efter et par års kontemplativ pensionering døde de næsten uvægerligt, før ægte senilitet kunne begynde.	At about one hundred and ninety their powers began to fail, and after a few years of contemplative retirement they almost invariably died before true senility could begin.
Jeg er vant til at planlægge min dag på forhånd.	I'm used to planning my day in advance.
Vi er ikke helt hjælpeløse.	We're not entirely helpless.
Tom nægtede, at han vidste, hvem der gjorde det.	Tom denied that he knew who did it.
Vi er ikke i fare, vel?	We're not in danger, are we?
Tom var glad for resultaterne.	Tom was delighted with the results.
Hun er en bønnestang.	She's a beanpole.
Alle laver antistoffer naturligt.	Everybody makes antibodies naturally.
Antistoffer er en vigtig del af immunsystemet.	Antibodies are a key part of the immune system.
Antistoffer virker ved at binde sig til en invaderende kim.	Antibodies work by attaching themselves to an invading germ.
Kapløbet er på vej om at begrænse et massivt olieudslip i Ruslands arktiske region.	The race is on to contain a massive oil spill in Russia’s Arctic region.
Inde i Zarzuela-paladset, den rummelige residens for kong Felipe VI af Spanien, er der en korridor dedikeret til tegnefilm om kongefamilien.	Inside the Zarzuela Palace, the spacious residence of King Felipe VI of Spain, there is a corridor dedicated to cartoons about the royal family.
Historien kredser om påstande fremsat af Carlos' tidligere elsker, Corinna zu Sayn-Wittgenstein, en tysk forretningskvinde, der deler sin tid mellem London og Monaco.	The story revolves around allegations made by Carlos' former lover, Corinna zu Sayn-Wittgenstein, a German businesswoman who splits her time between London and Monaco.
Social distancering og isolation kan være svært.	Social distancing and isolation can be hard.
Undervurder ikke smerten ved isolation.	Don’t underestimate the pain of isolation.
Det hele er unaturligt og desorienterende.	This is all unnatural and disorienting.
Eksperter ved allerede, at mange års ensomhed eller følelse af isolation kan føre til angst, depression og demens hos voksne.	Experts already know that years of loneliness or feelings of isolation can lead to anxiety, depression and dementia in adults.
Ensomhed kan resultere i et svækket immunforsvar, højere forekomst af fedme, forhøjet blodtryk, hjertesygdomme og en kortere levetid.	Loneliness can result in a weakened immune system response, higher rates of obesity, high blood pressure, heart disease and a shorter life span.
Børn, der har færre venner eller bliver mobbet eller isoleret i skolen, har en tendens til at have højere rater af angst, depression og nogle udviklingsforsinkelser.	Children who have fewer friends or are bullied or isolated at school tend to have higher rates of anxiety, depression and some developmental delays.
Det er nyttigt, at hele verden stort set er i den samme situation.	It is helpful that the entire world is basically in the same situation.
Legepladsudstyr er pakket ind i gerningsstedstape for at forhindre brugen af ​​det som en del af bestræbelserne på at bremse spredningen af ​​coronavirus.	Playground equipment is wrapped in crime scene tape to prevent its use as part of the effort to slow the spread of the coronavirus.
Mikalsen råder sine patienter til at holde kontakten med mennesker, motionere regelmæssigt og holde en tidsplan, så alle i husstanden har en form for formål med deres hverdag.	Mikalsen is advising her patients to stay connected with people, exercise regularly, and keep to a schedule so that everybody in the household has some sort of purpose in their day.
At vente og bekymre sig om at blive syg kan føre til øget angst.	Waiting around and worrying about getting sick can lead to increased anxiety.
Ekstroverte har dette stærke behov for altid at være omkring andre mennesker.	Extroverts have this strong need to always be around other people.
Ideen om at være et roligt sted uden underholdning er ekstremt angstfremkaldende for udadvendte.	The idea of being in a quiet place with no entertainment is extremely anxiety provoking for extroverts.
En indadvendt er fuldkommen glad i et lille bitte rum uden noget.	An introvert is perfectly happy in a tiny little room with nothing.
Du kan låse en introvert inde i en lejlighed i New York City og få dem til ikke at komme ud i to måneder, og de vil være helt glade.	You can lock up an introvert in a New York City apartment and have them not come out for two months and they'll be perfectly happy.
Forskere siger, at de har fastslået, at et mystisk fossil, der blev opdaget i Antarktis i 2011, er et stort æg, muligvis lagt af et gammelt vandkrybdyr.	Researchers say they have determined a mystery fossil discovered in Antarctica in 2011 is a large egg, possibly laid by an ancient aquatic reptile.
Siden fossilet blev opdaget, omtalte forskere det som "tingen", fordi de ikke kunne klassificere det.	Since the fossil was discovered, researchers referred to it as the "thing," because they could not classify it.
Forskere fra University of Texas i Austin brugte mikroskopisk analyse til at bekræfte, at fossilet faktisk er et gammelt æg.	Researchers from the University of Texas at Austin used microscopic analysis to confirm that the fossil is indeed an ancient egg.
Forskerne fastslog, at det fossile æg var blødskallet i modsætning til dinosauræg.	The researchers determined the fossil egg was soft-shelled, unlike dinosaur eggs.
Forskerne fandt ingen spor af, hvad der var i ægget.	The researchers found no trace of what was in the egg.
Blandt de velkendte ting, han ville støde på, ville være skabninger, der er genkendeligt menneskelige, men alligevel groteske.	Among the familiar things that he would encounter would be creatures recognizably human yet in his view grotesque.
Mens han selv arbejdede under vægten af ​​sin egen krop, ville disse kæmper let gå.	While he himself laboured under the weight of his own body, these giants would be easily striding.
Han ville betragte dem som meget robuste, ofte tykke, folkelige, men han ville være tvunget til at tillade dem en ynde af bevægelse og endda skønhed i proportioner.	He would consider them very sturdy, often thick-set, folk, but he would be compelled to allow them grace of movement and even beauty of proportion.
Jo længere han blev hos dem, jo ​​mere skønhed ville han se i dem, og jo mindre selvtilfreds ville han betragte sin egen type.	The longer he stayed with them the more beauty he would see in them, and the less complacently would he regard his own type.
Nogle af disse fantastiske mænd og kvinder ville han finde dækket med pels, hirsut eller muldvarpe-fløjl, hvilket afslørede de underliggende muskler.	Some of these fantastic men and women he would find covered with fur, hirsute, or mole-velvet, revealing the underlying muscles.
Andre ville vise brun, gul eller rødmosset hud, og atter andre en gennemskinnelig askegrøn, opvarmet af det understrømmende blod.	Others would display brown, yellow or ruddy skin, and yet others a translucent ash-green, warmed by the under-flowing blood.
Som en art, selvom vi alle er mennesker, er vi ekstremt variable i krop og sind, så variable, at vi overfladisk ikke ser ud til at være én art, men mange.	As a species, though we are all human, we are extremely variable in body and mind, so variable that superficially we seem to be not one species but many.
Hvis fossilet er fast besluttet på at være et mosasauræg, ville det nye fund være væsentligt, da videnskabsmænd tidligere ikke troede på, at de gamle skabninger lagde æg.	If the fossil is determined to be a mosasaur egg, the new finding would be significant, as scientists previously did not believe the ancient creatures laid eggs.
Tom ser fjernsyn hver aften.	Tom watches television every night.
En meget anderledes og ret almindelig kvasi-menneskelig art blev nogle gange produceret af planeter, der var temmelig større end Jorden.	A very different and fairly common quasi-human kind was sometimes produced by planets rather larger than the Earth.
På grund af tyngdekraftens større styrke ville der først dukke op, i stedet for den velkendte firbenede, en seksbenet type.	Owing to the greater strength of gravitation, there would first appear, in place of the familiar quadruped, a six-legged type.
Dette ville formere sig til små sekstupede gravere, hurtige og elegante sekstupede græssere, en sekstuperede mammut, komplet med stødtænder og mange slags sekstupede kødædere.	This would proliferate into little sextuped burrowers, swift and elegant sextuped grazers, a sextuped mammoth, complete with tusks, and many kinds of sextuped carnivora.
Mennesket i disse verdener udsprang normalt fra et lille opposum-lignende væsen, som var kommet til at bruge det første af dets tre par lemmer til redebygning eller til klatring.	Man in these worlds sprang usually from some small opposum-like creature which had come to use the first of its three pairs of limbs for nest-building or for climbing.
Med tiden blev forparten af ​​dens krop således oprejst, og den antog efterhånden en form, der ikke var ulig en firbenet med en menneskelig torso i stedet for en hals.	In time, the forepart of its body thus became erect, and it gradually assumed a form not unlike that of a quadruped with a human torso in place of a neck.
Faktisk blev det en kentaur med fire ben og to dygtige arme.	In fact it became a centaur, with four legs and two capable arms.
Det var meget mærkeligt at befinde sig i en verden, hvor alle civilisationens bekvemmeligheder og bekvemmeligheder var udformet til at passe til mænd af denne form.	It was very strange to find oneself in a world in which all the amenities and conveniences of civilization were fashioned to suit men of this form.
En god samvittighed gør en sund sovende.	A good conscience makes a sound sleeper.
Vi er endnu ikke uden for livsfare.	We're not yet out of danger.
Tom købte disse grøntsager i går.	Tom bought these vegetables yesterday.
Du fortalte mig det aldrig.	You never told me.
Scotland Yard-mændene var alle øjnes cynosure.	The Scotland Yard men were the cynosure of all eyes.
Du ville hjælpe os, ikke?	You'd help us, wouldn't you?
Jeg havde aldrig set ham så ked af det.	I had never seen him so upset.
Tom Jackson underviser på min søns skole.	Tom Jackson teaches at my son's school.
Jeg havde aldrig set Tom så ked af det.	I had never seen Tom so upset.
Jeg havde aldrig set hende så ked af det.	I had never seen her so upset.
Det bliver landsbyens snak.	It will be the talk of the village.
Det bliver landsbyens snak!	It will be the talk of the village!
Sikkert ingen kvinde så smuk som Mary Cavendish kunne være en morderinde.	Surely no woman as beautiful as Mary Cavendish could be a murderess.
Og pludselig huskede jeg den første samtale til te på dagen for min ankomst, og glimtet i hendes øjne, da hun havde sagt, at gift var en kvindes våben.	And suddenly I remembered that first conversation at tea on the day of my arrival, and the gleam in her eyes as she had said that poison was a woman's weapon.
Vi gik gennem den lille port ind i haven.	We passed through the little gate into the garden.
Stemmer rejste sig lige ved hånden, for te blev spredt ud under platantræet, som det havde været på dagen for min ankomst.	Voices rose near at hand, for tea was spread out under the sycamore-tree, as it had been on the day of my arrival.
Jeg stillede min stol ved siden af ​​hende.	I placed my chair beside her.
Efter te vil jeg tale med dig.	After tea, I want to talk to you.
Efter teen inviterede jeg Cynthia til at komme en tur.	After tea, I invited Cynthia to come for a walk.
Efter teen inviterede jeg Cynthia til at komme en tur, og vi slentrede ud i skoven sammen.	After tea, I invited Cynthia to come for a walk, and we sauntered off into the woods together.
"Godt?"	"Well?"
Jeg spurgte, så snart vi var beskyttet mod nysgerrige øjne af den grønne skærm.	I inquired, as soon as we were protected from prying eyes by the leafy screen.
Det slog mig i dette øjeblik, at Cynthia virkelig var en meget charmerende pige!	It struck me at this moment that Cynthia was really a very charming girl!
Jeg ved ikke, hvad der besatte mig.	I don't know what possessed me.
Jeg er her måske ikke i morgen.	I might not be here tomorrow.
Tom vil giftes med en af ​​mine døtre.	Tom wants to marry one of my daughters.
Jeg ville gøre det, når jeg kunne.	I'd do that whenever I could.
Tom kommer ofte ikke hjem før meget sent.	Tom often doesn't get home until very late.
Jeg ville blive vred, hvis du gjorde det.	I'd get angry if you did that.
Tom underholdt os med et par sjove historier.	Tom entertained us with a few funny stories.
Jeg vil gerne have, at du er på mit hold.	I'd like you to be on my team.
Tom fyldte sine og Marys glas med vin.	Tom filled his and Mary's glasses with wine.
Sandsynligheden for, at det nogensinde sker, er forsvindende lille.	The probability of that ever happening is vanishingly small.
Orion er et af de mest genkendelige stjernebilleder.	Orion is one of the most recognisable constellations.
Hun var bekymret for sine børns fremtid.	She was worrying about her children's future.
Hans mor sidder til venstre for ham.	His mother is sitting to his left.
Han gjorde det kun for at gøre hende en tjeneste.	He only did it only to do her a favour.
Jeg ringer til ham inden jeg går.	I'll ring him before I go.
Hun prøvede at skrive en novelle.	She was trying to write a short story.
Der mangler et spørgsmålstegn i slutningen af ​​sætningen.	A question mark is missing from the end of the sentence.
Det ville jeg nok kunne ordne.	I'd probably be able fix that.
Hurra-råbene var øredøvende.	The cries of hurray were deafening.
Han spiser en komplet morgenmad hver dag.	He eats a full breakfast every day.
Hun drikker som regel kaffe flere gange om dagen.	She drinks coffee several times a day, as a rule.
Naboerne har forvandlet deres altan til et ordentligt drivhus.	The neighbours have turned their balcony into a proper greenhouse.
Naboerne forvandlede deres altan til et ordentligt drivhus.	The neighbours turned their balcony into a proper greenhouse.
Naboerne har lavet deres altan om til et ordentligt drivhus.	The neighbours have made their balcony into a proper greenhouse.
Naboerne lavede deres altan om til et ordentligt drivhus.	The neighbours made their balcony into a proper greenhouse.
Naboerne har lavet deres altan om til et ordentligt drivhus.	The neighbours have been making their balcony into a proper greenhouse.
Du er kommet på det helt rigtige tidspunkt.	You've come at just the right moment.
De er kommet på det helt rigtige tidspunkt.	They've come at just the right moment.
Hvad er fordelene ved at spise årstidens frugt?	What are the advantages of eating seasonal fruit?
Hvad er fordelene ved at cykle?	What are the advantages of cycling?
Naboen er netop vendt tilbage.	The neighbour has just returned.
Naboen er lige kommet tilbage.	The neighbour has just come back.
Naboen er lige kommet tilbage.	The neighbour's just got back.
Den friskbagte kage duftede fristende.	The freshly-baked cake smelt tempting.
Hvor skal man begynde?	Where to begin?
Nogle gange er det ikke nemt at beslutte sig.	Sometimes it's not easy to decide.
Hvor skal man begynde?	Where to begin?
Det er ikke altid let at beslutte sig.	It's not always easy to decide.
Alle disse breve er adresseret til dig.	All these letters are addressed to you.
Der er opstået en teknisk fejl.	A technical error has occurred.
Butikkerne i byen blev lukket.	The shops in the city were closed.
Butikkerne i byen var lukket.	The shops in town were closed.
Tapet af høsten gjorde landmanden ked af det.	The loss of the harvest made the farmer sad.
Landmanden var ked af tabet af høsten.	The farmer was saddened by the loss of the harvest.
Der er mange seværdigheder i det omkringliggende område.	There are a lot of sights in the surrounding area.
Der er mange seværdigheder i det omkringliggende område.	There are many sights in the surrounding area.
Der er mange ting at se i det omkringliggende område.	There are many things to see in the surrounding area.
De sidste par dage har vejret været forfærdeligt varmt.	During the last few days the weather has been terribly warm.
I de sidste par dage har vejret været så varmt som bare pokker.	During the last few days the weather has been as warm as hell.
Den, der vækker andre sovende med deres snorken, skal sove udenfor.	Whoever wakes other sleepers with their snoring has to sleep outside.
Far læser altid et blad ved morgenbordet.	Dad always reads a magazine at the breakfast table.
Far læser altid et blad ved morgenmaden.	Dad always reads a magazine at breakfast.
Hun tilbragte hele aftenen i sit soveværelse.	She spent the whole evening in her bedroom.
Hun tilbragte hele aftenen i sit soveværelse.	She spent all evening in her bedroom.
Hun tilbragte hele aftenen i sit soveværelse.	She spent the entire evening in her bedroom.
Resten er perfekt.	The rest is perfect.
Alt andet er perfekt.	Everything else is perfect.
En lugt af citron og muskatnød kommer fra køkkenet.	A smell of lemon and nutmeg is coming from the kitchen.
Der dufter af citron og muskatnød fra køkkenet.	There's a smell of lemon and nutmeg coming from the kitchen.
Duften af ​​citron og muskatnød kommer fra køkkenet.	The smell of lemon and nutmeg is coming from the kitchen.
En aroma af citron og muskatnød kommer fra køkkenet.	A lemon and nutmeg aroma is coming from the kitchen.
Han købte en masse bøger i en boghandel.	He bought a lot of books from a bookshop.
Han købte en hel del bøger i en boghandel.	He bought a great deal of books from a book shop.
Han købte en masse bøger i boghandelen.	He bought a lot of books from the bookshop.
Han købte en hel del bøger i boghandleren.	He bought a great deal of books from the book shop.
Elefanten trompeterede højt, og en lille fugl kvidrede elegant som svar.	The elephant trumpeted loudly, and a little bird twittered elegantly in reply.
Hvorfor i alverden siger du det?	Why on earth do you say that?
Hun bed sig i læben og svarede ikke.	She bit her lip and didn't reply.
Hun bed sig i læben og sagde intet som svar.	She bit her lip, saying nothing in reply.
Hun bed sig i læben og sagde intet som svar.	She bit her lip and said nothing in reply.
Hun kunne være blevet overrasket, da hun hørte nyheden.	She might've been surprised when she heard the news.
Er der grammatiske fejl i den skriftlige eksamen?	Are there any grammatical errors in the written exam?
Er der nogen grammatiske fejl i den skriftlige prøve?	Are there any grammatical errors in the written test?
Dirigenten står klar foran orkestret.	The conductor is standing ready before the orchestra.
Fortovene er belagt med røde blade, og luften har den umiskendelige lugt af våd jord.	The pavements are carpeted with red leaves, and the air has the unmistakable smell of wet earth.
Grå skyer dækker himlen.	Grey clouds cover the sky.
Grå skyer dækker himlen.	Grey clouds are covering the sky.
Grå skyer skjuler himlen.	Grey clouds obscure the sky.
Himlen er skjult af grå skyer.	The sky is hidden by grey clouds.
Kan du lide at falde i søvn til lyden af ​​regn?	Do you like falling asleep to the sound of rain?
Efterårsvinden hvisker i træerne.	The autumn wind is whispering in the trees.
Efterårsvinden rasler i træerne.	The autumn wind is rustling the trees.
Efterårsvinden suserterer i træerne.	The autumn wind susurrates in the trees.
Efter regn er fortovene dækket af blade.	After rain, the pavements are covered in leaves.
Efter at det har regnet, forstærkes lugten af ​​eukalyptus og strømmer ind gennem vinduet.	After it has been raining, the smell of the eucalyptus intensifies and streams in through the window.
Efter regn forstærkes lugten af ​​eukalyptus og strømmer ind gennem vinduet.	After rain the smell of the eucalyptus intensifies and streams in through the window.
Dette er en liste over de bedst sælgende bøger fra den seneste måned.	This is a list of the highest-selling books from the past month.
Dette her er en liste over de bedst sælgende bøger fra den seneste måned.	This here is a list of the highest-selling books from the past month.
Hvor mange bøger har du læst det seneste år?	How many books have you read in the past year?
Hvor mange bøger har du læst det seneste år?	How many books did you read in the past year?
Floden er udtørret nu, og det lille vand, der er tilbage, er plaget af mygsverme.	The river has dried up now, and the little water that remains is plagued by swarms of gnats.
Floden er udtørret nu, og det lille vand, der er tilbage, er plaget af myggesværme.	The river has dried up now, and the little water that remains is plagued by swarms of mosquitoes.
Du ved, hvad det betyder.	You know what it means.
Du ved, hvad det betyder.	You know what that means.
Hun ved, hvad det betyder.	She knows what it means.
Hun ved, hvad det betyder.	She knows what that means.
Han ved, hvad det betyder.	He knows what it means.
Han ved, hvad det betyder.	He knows what that means.
Solen opvarmer atmosfæren.	The Sun heats the atmosphere.
Tag din brolly – himlen er overskyet.	Take your brolly – the sky's cloudy.
Tag din paraply – himlen er overskyet.	Take your umbrella – the sky's cloudy.
Jeg håber vejret bliver bedre i løbet af weekenden.	I hope the weather improves over the weekend.
Lad os håbe, at vejret bliver bedre i løbet af weekenden.	Let's hope the weather improves over the weekend.
Hun dækkede sin mund med hånden for at skjule sit smil.	She covered her mouth with her hand to hide her smile.
Hun dækkede sin mund med hånden og skjulte sit smil.	She covered her mouth with her hand, hiding her smile.
Og så slutter dagen: lyset slukker, og tankerne rejser sig.	And so the day ends: the lights go out and the thoughts rise up.
Har du lyst til en gåtur på stranden i måneskin?	Do you fancy a walk on the beach in the moonlight?
Har du lyst til at gå en tur på stranden i måneskin?	Do you fancy going for a walk on the beach in the moonlight?
Solnedgangens varme lys oplyser landskabet.	The warm light of the sunset is illuminating the landscape.
Solnedgangens varme lys oplyser landskabet.	The warm light of the sunset illuminates the landscape.
Det varme lys fra den nedgående sol oplyser landskabet.	The warm light of the setting sun illuminates the landscape.
Det varme lys fra den nedgående sol lyser landskabet op.	The warm light of the setting sun lights up the landscape.
Landskabet er badet i solnedgangens varme lys.	The landscape is bathed in the warm light of sunset.
Landskabet er badet i det varme lys fra den nedgående sol.	The landscape is bathed in the warm light of the setting sun.
Landskabet er oplyst af solnedgangens varme lys.	The landscape is lit by the sunset's warm light.
Landskabet er oplyst af det varme lys fra den nedgående sol.	The landscape is lit by the warm light of the setting sun.
Jorden er blød og mudret.	The ground is sodden and muddy.
Jorden er blød og mudret.	The ground is soft and muddy.
Ikke før havde hun åbnet øjnene om morgenen, før hun skrev sin drøm ned på papir.	No sooner had she opened her eyes in the morning than she put her dream down on paper.
Hun var på sit værelse.	She was in her room.
Åkandens blomster åbner ved solopgang og lukker ved solnedgang.	The water lily's flowers open at sunrise and close at sunset.
Luften er fyldt med den friske duft af citroner.	The air is filled with the fresh smell of lemons.
Mens han er på arbejde, lytter portøren til en radiostation, der sender uafbrudte nyheder.	While he's at work, the porter listens to a radio station that broadcasts uninterrupted news.
Der er nogle betagende smukke billeder i hendes album.	There are some breathtakingly beautiful photos in her album.
Patagonien, der ligger i det sydlige Sydamerika, er en region med uovertruffen skønhed rig på naturressourcer.	Patagonia, lying in the far south of South America, is a region of unparalleled beauty rich in natural resources.
Begyndelsen af ​​ugen bliver kold og regnfuld.	The beginning of the week is turning cold and rainy.
Begyndelsen af ​​ugen er ved at blive kold og regnfuld.	The beginning of the week is becoming cold and rainy.
Begyndelsen af ​​ugen bliver kold og regnfuld.	The beginning of the week will become cold and rainy.
Begyndelsen af ​​ugen bliver kold og regnfuld.	The beginning of the week will turn cold and rainy.
Det bliver koldt og regnfuldt i starten af ​​ugen.	It's going to get cold and rainy at the beginning of the week.
Korridoren var i fuldstændig mørke.	The corridor was in complete darkness.
Korridoren var helt mørk.	The corridor was completely dark.
Efter sommersolhverv begynder dagene så småt at blive kortere.	After the summer solstice, the days gradually begin to get shorter.
Individuelle præferencer spiller en vigtig rolle på dette område.	Individual preferences play an important role in this field.
Vinblade i solen antager farver, der skifter fra gul til alle nuancer rød, brun og orange, og når til sidst violet.	Vine leaves in the sun take on colours that change from yellow to all shades red, brown and orange, finally reaching violet.
Vin fremstilles af frugten af ​​en plante kaldet en vinranke.	Wine is produced from the fruit of a plant called a grapevine.
Kan du vente en time?	Can you wait for an hour?
Der blev fundet rester fra romertiden flere steder rundt i byen.	Remains from Roman times were found in several locations around the city.
Byen er opdelt i toogtyve distrikter.	The city is divided into twenty-two districts.
Klimaet i denne region er tempereret.	The climate in this region is temperate.
Denne regions klima er tempereret.	This region's climate is temperate.
Der er flere holme i denne del af floden.	There are several islets in this section of the river.
Denne del af floden har flere holme.	This section of the river has several islets.
Floden er tre hundrede meter bred her.	The river is three-hundred metres wide here.
Tiden går langsomt i dag.	Time is passing by slowly today.
Tiden går langsomt i dag.	Time's going by slowly today.
En stor sten blokerede det ene af vognens fire hjul.	A large stone was blocking one of the cart's four wheels.
Brostenene ligger i dvale under et lag asfalt.	The cobbles lie dormant beneath a layer of asphalt.
De svømmede ikke på grund af kulden.	They didn't go swimming because of the cold.
Entusiasme viger gradvist for tvivl og usikkerhed.	Enthusiasm gradually gives way to doubt and uncertainty.
Begejstringen viger gradvist for tvivl og usikkerhed.	Enthusiasm is gradually giving way to doubt and uncertainty.
Hun lider af perfektionisme og frygt for fiasko.	She suffers from perfectionism and fear of failure.
Hvad forhindrer dig i at gøre det?	What's stopping you from doing that?
Hvad afholder dig fra at gøre det?	What's keeping you from doing that?
Torden og lyn er naturlige fænomener.	Thunder and lightning are natural phenomena.
De har endelig givet efter.	They have finally given in.
Til sidst gav de efter.	At last they gave in.
I mellemtiden er en nytænkning begyndt.	Meanwhile a rethink has begun.
I mellemtiden er en nytænkning begyndt.	In the meantime, a rethink has begun.
Hvornår lærte du om, hvad der skete?	When did you learn about what happened?
Hvornår fandt du ud af, hvad der skete?	When did you find out about what happened?
Hvordan fandt du ud af, hvad der skete?	How did you find out about what happened?
I en hel uge var deres vej spærret af enorme mængder faldet sne.	For a whole week, their way was blocked by huge amounts of fallen snow.
Han vil gå.	He'll walk.
Han skal gå.	He's going to walk.
Han går til fods.	He'll go on foot.
Han vil gå til fods.	He's going to go on foot.
I mange dage vandrede han rundt i storbyen.	For many days he wandered round the big city.
Han vandrede rundt i byen i dagevis.	He wandered about the city for days on end.
De havde ikke den mindste idé om, hvad de skulle gøre.	They didn't have the least idea what they should do.
De vidste slet ikke, hvad de skulle gøre.	They didn't know at all what they should do.
Hun havde det åbenbart godt.	She was evidently well.
Hun så godt ud.	She looked well.
Det bliver en varm dag.	It's going to be a hot day.
Den dag var varm.	That day was hot.
Det var en varm dag.	That was a hot day.
Det kan ikke ske med det samme.	It can't happen immediately.
Det kan ikke ske med det samme.	That can't happen straight away.
Hun havde brug for et stykke tid til at tænke over den bedste måde at bringe sagen op.	She needed a while to think about the best way to bring the matter up.
Hun havde brug for et stykke tid til at overveje den bedste måde at rejse sagen på.	She needed a while to consider the best way to raise the matter.
Hun havde brug for et stykke tid til at overveje den bedste måde at bringe emnet op på.	She needed a while to consider the best way to broach the subject.
En frisk vind spredte de mørke skyer.	A fresh wind scattered the dark clouds.
En frisk vind spredte de mørke skyer.	A fresh wind dispersed the dark clouds.
En frisk vind blæste de mørke skyer væk.	A fresh wind blew away the dark clouds.
Det er det, alle vil, selvfølgelig.	That's what everyone wants, of course.
Det var mærkeligt, ikke?	That was weird, wasn't it?
At cykle i regnen er ikke rart; dog giver en passende poncho god beskyttelse.	Cycling in the rain is not nice; however, a suitable poncho offers good protection.
At cykle i regnen er ikke særlig sjovt, men en passende regnkappe giver god beskyttelse.	Biking in the rain isn't much fun, but a suitable rain cape offers good protection.
Eftermiddagen glider langsomt ind i en diset sommeraften.	The afternoon is drifting slowly into a hazy summer's evening.
Alle øjne vendte sig mod hende.	All eyes turned to her.
Hun lavede et fugleskræmsel og stillede det i en kornmark, hvor det skal være hele sommeren.	She made a scarecrow and stood it in a cornfield, where it's to stay all summer.
Disse bakker er ideelle til en tur ud.	These hills are ideal for a ride out.
Denne butik sælger en bred vifte af blomster.	This shop sells a wide variety of flowers.
Hvem af jer taler godt fransk?	Which of you speaks good French?
Hvem af jer taler godt fransk?	Who among you speaks good French?
Han var syg i mange måneder.	He was ill for many months.
Stationen ligger bag pladsen.	The station is behind the square.
Banegården ligger bag pladsen.	The railway station is behind the square.
Det blå slips og røde sokker støder lidt sammen.	The blue tie and red socks clash a bit.
Alt er allerede blevet sagt.	Everything has already been said.
Alt er allerede blevet sagt.	Everything's already been said.
Hvorfor har han ikke købt den endnu?	Why hasn't he bought it yet?
Klokken er fem over elleve.	It's five past eleven.
Nu i aften, som annonceret, er det tid til at høre debatten mellem to nobelprisvindere.	Now this evening, as advertised, it's time to hear the debate between two Nobel Prize winners.
Er filmen undertekstet?	Is the film subtitled?
Har filmen undertekster?	Does the film have subtitles?
Har filmen fået undertekster?	Has the film got subtitles?
Vinden blæste med en hastighed på 120 kilometer i timen.	The wind was blowing at a speed of 120 kilometres per hour.
Vinden blæste med en hastighed på 120 kilometer i timen.	The wind blew at a speed of 120 kilometres an hour.
Alt lys i byen gik pludselig ud.	All the lights in the city suddenly went out.
Pludselig gik alt byens lys ud.	Suddenly all the city lights went out.
I samme øjeblik gik lyset ud.	At that very moment the lights went out.
Det nye kvarter opføres i universitetets umiddelbare nærhed.	The new neighbourhood is being built in the university's immediate vicinity.
Det nye kvarter bygges i umiddelbar nærhed af universitetet.	The new neighbourhood is being built in the immediate vicinity of the university.
Hvorfor er det vigtigt for dig?	Why is that important to you?
Vandet drypper fra hanen i køkkenet.	Water is dripping from the tap in the kitchen.
Ved du hvad han planlægger?	Do you know what he's planning?
Ved du, hvad han vil gøre?	Do you know what he's going to do?
De vil ikke vende det døve øre til.	They won't turn a deaf ear.
De vil ikke nægte at lytte.	They won't refuse to listen.
Hun har ikke noget imod, at han glemmer hende, hvis han kan.	She doesn't mind him forgetting her, if he can.
Hun har ikke noget imod, hvis han glemmer hende, hvis han kan.	She doesn't mind if he forgets her, if he can.
Regndråber slog mod staldens ståltag.	Raindrops were beating against the steel roof of the stable.
Regndråber slog mod staldens ståltag.	Raindrops were beating against the stable's steel roof.
Hvad ville du gøre, hvis du var usynlig for en dag?	What would you do if you were invisible for a day?
Havets bølger pisker uophørligt mod klipperne.	The sea waves lash incessantly against the cliffs.
Vil du sælge dette maleri?	Do you want to sell this painting?
Skal du sælge dette maleri?	Are you going to sell this painting?
Har du tænkt dig at sælge dette maleri?	Do you intend to sell this painting?
Det ville være mit første valg.	That would be my first choice.
Ingen ved, hvad der kommer ud af det.	No one knows what will come of it.
Det bliver ikke sådan her.	It won't stay like this.
Sådan bliver det ikke.	It's not going to stay that way.
Sådan bliver det ikke.	It won't stay like that.
Tom dyrker kartofler og gulerødder i sin have.	Tom grows potatoes and carrots in his garden.
Havets bølger i nattens stille lyder som en vuggevise.	The sea's waves in the quiet of night sound like a lullaby.
Havet i dag er vidunderligt køligt og klart.	The sea today is wonderfully cool and clear.
Havet er turkis, vandet varmt og roligt.	The sea is turquoise, the water warm and calm.
Det kedelige foredrag kedede tilhørerne.	The dull lecture bored the audience.
Foredraget, kedeligt som opvaskevand, kedede tilhørerne.	The lecture, dull as dishwater, bored the audience.
Turisterne beundrede bygningen.	The tourists admired the building.
Turisterne beundrede bygningen.	The tourists were admiring the building.
Markedets larm er ved at dø hen i den kølige natteluft.	The hubbub of the market is dying away in the cool night air.
Markedets larm forsvinder i den kølige aftenluft.	The hubbub of the market fades away in the cool evening air.
Markedets larm forsvinder i den kølige natteluft.	The hubbub of the market fades in the cool night air.
Hun var i et festligt, glad humør.	She was in a celebratory, joyous mood.
På dette tidspunkt hver dag hører du klokkerne i en nærliggende kirke ringe.	At this time every day you hear the bells of a nearby church ringing.
På dette tidspunkt hver dag kan klokkerne i en nærliggende kirke høres.	At this time every day, the bells of a nearby church can be heard.
Rundt omkring er bakker og dale dækket af sne.	All around are hills and valleys covered with snow.
Rundt omkring kan du se bakker og dale dækket af sne.	All around you can see hills and valleys covered with snow.
Rundt omkring er snedækkede bakker og dale at se.	All around are snow-covered hills and valleys to be seen.
Det er et trick spørgsmål, ikke?	That's a trick question, isn't it?
Ifølge køreplanen kommer toget snart.	According to the timetable, the train will arrive soon.
Ifølge køreplanen kommer toget inden længe.	According to the timetable, the train will arrive shortly.
Ifølge køreplanen kommer toget snart.	According to the timetable, the train's going to arrive soon.
Køreplanen siger, at toget snart kommer.	The timetable says the train will arrive soon.
Køreplanen siger, at toget snart kommer.	The timetable says the train's going to arrive soon.
Hvad er der gået galt der?	What's gone wrong there?
Hvad gik galt der?	What went wrong there?
En kylling klækkede i går.	A chick hatched yesterday.
Vindstød og kraftig regn ramte Skotland onsdag.	Gusts of wind and heavy rain struck Scotland on Wednesday.
Skotland blev onsdag ramt af vindstød og kraftig regn.	Scotland was hit by gusts of wind and heavy rain on Wednesday.
Romanen blev udgivet i paperback.	The novel was published in paperback.
Romanen udkom i paperback.	The novel appeared in paperback.
Romanen er udgivet i paperback.	The novel has been published in paperback.
Han går rundt i haven, hænderne bag ryggen, fortabt i sine tanker.	He's walking round the garden, hands behind his back, lost in his thoughts.
Fortabt i tanker, hænderne bag ryggen, går han rundt i haven.	Lost in thought, his hands behind his back, he walks round the garden.
Pludselig lød en stemme på den anden side af væggen.	Suddenly a voice rang out on the other side of the wall.
En stemme lød pludselig fra den anden side af væggen.	A voice suddenly rang out from the other side of the wall.
Huset er omgivet af en mur, på den anden side af hvilken der vokser cypresser.	The house is surrounded by a wall, on the other side of which cypresses grow.
Huset er omgivet af en mur, på den anden side af hvilken der vokser cypresser.	The house is surrounded by a wall, on the other side of which cypress trees are growing.
Huset er omgivet af en mur, på den anden side af hvilken der vokser cypresser.	The house is surrounded by a wall, on the other side of which there are cypress trees growing.
Huset er omgivet af en mur, ud over hvilken der vokser cypresser.	The house is surrounded by a wall, beyond which cypresses grow.
Omkring huset er en mur, ud over hvilken der vokser cypresser.	Surrounding the house is a wall, beyond which there are cypress trees growing.
Han brød sig ikke om stier, men gik i stedet på tværs af landet.	He didn't bother with paths, instead going across country.
Han bøvlede ikke med stier, men løb i stedet terræn.	He didn't bother with paths, running cross-country instead.
Hvor lang tid havde du brug for at oversætte denne bog?	How long did you need to translate this book?
Hvordan tackler du et oversættelsesprojekt?	How do you tackle a translation project?
Hvordan griber du et oversættelsesprojekt an?	How do you approach a translation project?
Gulvet skinnede som et spejl.	The floor gleamed like a mirror.
Gulvet skinnede som et spejl.	The floor was gleaming like a mirror.
Et smil fløj over hendes ansigt, og hendes øjne begyndte at gnistre.	A smile flitted across her face, and her eyes began to sparkle.
Et smil fløj over hendes ansigt, og hendes øjne begyndte at skinne.	A smile flitted across her face, and her eyes began to shine.
"Hvad sker der med Tom i dag?	"What's up with Tom today?
Han smækkede næsten døren i mit ansigt, da jeg kom ind bag ham for et minut siden."	He almost slammed the door in my face when I came in behind him a minute ago."
"Han har lige fundet ud af, at Mary blev forfremmet foran ham og nu er hans linjechef.	"He's just found out that Mary was promoted ahead of him and is now his line manager.
Giv ham bedst en bred køje."	Best give him a wide berth."
Vi tager ikke afsted i et stykke tid.	We're not leaving for a while.
"Jeg er ikke så stædig som Tom."	"I'm not as stubborn as Tom."
"Ikke så stædig?	"Not as stubborn?
Du er stædig som et gammelt muldyr - langt værre end Tom!"	You're as stubborn as an old mule – far worse than Tom!"
"Jeg anede ikke, at du mente det om mig, Mary."	"I had no idea you thought that about me, Mary."
"Det tror alle, John.	"Everyone thinks that, John.
Alle sammen!"	Everyone!"
"Jamen, du kunne slå mig ned med en fjer."	"Well, you could knock me down with a feather."
Tom begyndte at råbe ad mig, så snart han så mig.	Tom started yelling at me as soon as he saw me.
"Han skal spise et æble!"	"He's going to eat an apple!"
Så snart Mary havde udtalt disse ord og peget på Tom, der allerede poserede teatralsk med frugten holdt frem for sig selv, som om det var Yoricks kranium, forstummede rummet med det samme.	No sooner had Mary uttered these words and pointed at Tom, who was already posing theatrically with the fruit held out to himself as if it were Yorick's skull, than the room all at once fell silent.
Alle så på, hypnoterede og turde ikke trække vejret.	Everyone was looking on, mesmerised, not daring to breath.
Tom havde aldrig før rørt et æble: ingen havde nogensinde formået at få frugten til at virke velsmagende for ham, eller endda formået at få en inden for få meter fra ham.	Tom had never before even touched an apple: no one had ever managed to make the fruit seem palatable to him, or even managed to get one within a few metres of him.
Men nu, for at bevise sin kærlighed til Mary, havde Tom taget æblet, som Adam havde taget fra Evas hånd, og de sidste resterende øjeblikke af hans dydsliv var ved at glide væk.	But now, to prove his love to Mary, Tom had taken the apple, as Adam had from Eve's hand, and the last remaining moments of his life of virtue were slipping away.
Jeg bliver ofte døsig efter frokost.	I often get drowsy after lunch.
Tom skrev en bog, mens han boede i Australien.	Tom wrote a book while he was living in Australia.
Jeg burde ikke tage dertil alene.	I shouldn't go there by myself.
Tom blev ked af det, da han fandt ud af, hvad der var sket.	Tom became sad when he found out what had happened.
Jeg ville være en god lærer, tror jeg.	I'd be a good teacher, I think.
Tom har mere end penge nok til at købe det, han har brug for.	Tom has more than enough money to buy what he needs.
Du burde være sammen med din familie.	You should be with your family.
Tom sagde, at han mente, at traktaten var uretfærdig.	Tom said that he thought that the treaty was unfair.
Hun venter tvillinger.	She's expecting twins.
Fortæl Lucio, at jeg sagde hej.	Tell Lucio I said hi.
Hvordan validerer jeg mit kort?	How do I validate my card?
Hvornår er du færdig?	When are you going to be finished?
Kvinder er bange for mig.	Women are afraid of me.
Vi er nødt til at afslutte dette.	We have to end this.
Det er ikke alle, nogle mangler stadig.	This isn't everyone, some are still missing.
Hvilken slags arbejde laver din mor?	What kind of work does your mother do?
Jeg kan ikke lide at gå udenfor efter solen er gået ned.	I don't like going outside after the sun has set.
USA er rig på naturressourcer.	The USA is rich in natural resources.
Jeg havde lovet dig, og jeg gjorde det.	I had promised you and I did it.
Sidste torsdag missede jeg mit tog.	Last Thursday I missed my train.
Jeg har aldrig gået i børnehave.	I never attended kindergarten.
Din nederdel er meget sød.	Your skirt is very cute.
Han gav os ikke kun nyt tøj, men endda nogle penge.	He not only gave us new clothes, but even some money.
Du har ikke set Tom i dag, vel?	You haven't seen Tom today, right?
Jeg har travlt.	I'm in a hurry.
Undskyld!	Sorry!
Jeg er meget kildren.	I'm very ticklish.
Jeg forstod allerede.	I understood already.
Må jeg røre ved dem?	Can I touch them?
Indtil nu var alt forudsigeligt.	Up until now everything was predictable.
Er der nogen der ved det?	Does anyone know?
Hvor mange gange skal vi gentage det samme!	How many times are we going to repeat the same thing!
Mor, hvornår kommer vi?	Mum, when will we arrive?
Modtog du dem?	Did you receive them?
Det ved jeg faktisk ikke.	Actually, I don't know.
Vi kan kun vente og håbe.	We can only wait and hope.
Kommer du til festen?	Are you coming to the celebration?
Tom, det glæder mig.	Tom, my pleasure.
Hun er blevet en smuk ung dame.	She has turned into a beautiful young lady.
Har jeg tid til i morgen?	Do I have time until tomorrow?
Selv i de hårde tider fortsatte Marco med at være min ven.	Even during the hard times, Marco continued to be my friend.
Tasken er ti cents.	The bag is ten cents.
Så sidste træning er på torsdag?	So the last practice is on Thursday?
Hvor er registeret?	Where's the register?
Det hårdeste kys er ikke det første, men det sidste.	The hardest kiss is not the first, but the last.
Vil vi være i stand til at fuldføre alt?	Are we going to be able to complete everything?
På trods af sin unge alder taler han så mange sprog.	Despite his young age, he speaks so many languages.
Har du skrevet et brev til ham?	Did you write him a letter?
Generelt lægges der vægt på den næstsidste stavelse på italiensk.	Generally, in Italian the stress is put on the second to last syllable.
Mit værelse har udsigt over haven.	My room has a view of the garden.
Vi er løbet tør for mælk!	We are out of milk!
Der er ingen reception her.	There's no reception here.
Indtil nu har jeg altid rejst med tog.	Until now, I've always traveled by train.
Du skal stramme knuden.	You have to tighten the knot.
Jeg ville aldrig svømme alene.	I'd never go swimming by myself.
Skynde sig!	Hurry!
Bussen kommer!	The bus is coming!
Tom har mere end penge nok til at købe det, han skal købe.	Tom has more than enough money to buy what he needs to buy.
Jeg hedder Alexandra, men folk kalder mig Alex.	My name is Alexandra, but people call me Alex.
Er det alt hvad du har?	This is everything you have?
Nå ja!	Well yes!
Han havde meget travlt i dag.	He was very busy today.
Venligst din billet.	Your ticket please.
Om to timer er det nattetid, og du vil ikke kunne se noget.	In two hours it's going to be nighttime and you won't be able to see anything.
Hvis jeg var dig, ville jeg gøre noget andet.	If I were you, I would do something else.
Det her er slet ikke sjovt.	This isn't funny at all.
Katia tog hjem med bus.	Katia went home by bus.
Selv hvis jeg så det, ville jeg ikke tro det.	Even if I saw it, I wouldn't believe it.
"Hvad lavede du?"	"What were you doing?"
"Intet vigtigt."	"Nothing important."
Jeg hjælper min mor med maden.	I'm helping my mum with the food.
Efter skilsmissen kan han ikke stoppe med at drikke.	After the divorce, he can't stop drinking.
Folk skal ikke vide alt.	People shouldn't know everything.
Jeg vågner klokken seks om morgenen.	I wake up at six o'clock in the morning.
Den største sø i Sydamerika, Titicaca-søen, ligger i Peru.	The largest lake in South America, Lake Titicaca, is located in Peru.
Du keder mig.	You are boring me.
"Hvad skulle demonstreres" er et latinsk udtryk, der almindeligvis bruges i matematik.	"Quod erat demonstrandum" is a Latin expression commonly used in mathematics.
Det betyder "Hvad der skulle vises."	It means "What was to be shown."
Forsøg ikke at undskylde dig selv, tak!	Don't try to excuse yourself, please!
Kun hvis det var sandt!	Only if it were true!
Hvad er hans mål?	What is his goal?
Jeg hører ikke en støj.	I don't hear a noise.
Ivanov underviser på universitetet i Sofia.	Ivanov teaches at the University of Sofia.
Du giver mig mindre.	You are giving me less.
Hans brors pludselige død overraskede ham.	His brother's sudden death surprised him.
Jeg havde ingen anelse om, hvem han var.	I had no clue who he was.
Jeg ved det, men jeg kan ikke hjælpe.	I know, but I can't help.
Vi kunne muligvis vinde denne gang.	We could possibly win this time.
Tom bestiller altid det samme, når han spiser på denne restaurant.	Tom always orders the same thing when he eats at this restaurant.
Er du stadig derovre?	Are you still over there?
Jeg vil hellere spille tennis end golf.	I'd rather play tennis than golf.
Vil du have peber i din hamburger?	Do you want some pepper in your hamburger?
Tom sagde, at han ville gå i bad, inden han gik i seng.	Tom said that he wanted to take a shower before going to bed.
Vi venter gæster.	We're expecting visitors.
Vi overdriver.	We are exaggerating.
Glemme!	Forget!
Lære.	Teach.
Det er obligatorisk!	It's mandatory!
Har du en symaskine?	Do you have a sewing machine?
Det samme til dig!	Same to you!
Der er mange mennesker udenfor og venter på dig.	A lot of people are outside waiting for you.
Tjek venligst.	Please check.
Træk en konklusion.	Draw a conclusion.
Jeg dimitterede universitetet.	I graduated university.
Bare se på.	Just watching.
Her, færdig.	Here, done.
Uret er foran.	The clock is ahead.
Meget godt.	Very good.
Tænd for fjernsynet.	Turn on the television.
Mary tog fejl.	Mary was wrong.
Accepter det.	Accept it.
Vi underviser.	We teach.
Hun venter tvillinger.	She is expecting twins.
Spis langsomt!	Eat slowly!
Vi venter på svar.	We are waiting for a response.
Han blev modløs.	He got discouraged.
Jeg er skræmmende.	I am scary.
Men?	Bet?
Jeg kan godt lide legetøjet!	I like the toys!
Vind et legetøj!	Win a toy!
Ingen reception.	No reception.
Vælg et produkt.	Choose a product.
Godt arbejde, drenge!	Good work, boys!
Drengene arbejder.	The boys are working.
Ups, forkert!	Oops, wrong!
Det bliver alvor!	It's getting serious!
Stop udsendelsen.	Stop the broadcast.
Luk siden!	Close the page!
Hvem passer dine børn?	Who's looking after your children?
Jeg gik ud.	I went out.
Vi er ikke særlig organiserede, er vi?	We're not very organized, are we?
Du tabte et bogmærke.	You dropped a bookmark.
Tom sagde, at han ville gå i bad, inden han gik i seng.	Tom said he wanted to take a shower before going to bed.
Pete kan ikke lide at skrive noter i bøger, så han bruger bogmærker.	Pete doesn't like to write notes in books, so he uses bookmarks.
Jeg har et bogmærke på den side.	I have a bookmark on that page.
Tyrannosaurus undslap.	The tyrannosaurus escaped.
Hvor skal du spise i aften?	Where will you eat this evening?
En oversættelse er ligesom toiletpapir: du tænker ikke over det, før du har brug for det.	A translation is like toilet paper: you don't think about it until you need it.
Du har mange kreative ideer.	You have a lot of creative ideas.
Tom så ikke ud til at være interesseret i at tale om det.	Tom didn't seem to be interested in talking about that.
Han er ikke så naiv, som han ser ud.	He's not as naive as he looks.
Min storebror bor i San Diego.	My older brother lives in San Diego.
Hun elsker sig selv.	She loves herself.
Hun kan lide sig selv.	She likes herself.
Hvor er den nærmeste butik?	Where's the closest shop?
Dette gør mig trist.	This makes me feel sad.
Normalt ved jeg ikke, hvad jeg vil.	Usually I don't know what I want.
Jeg gør alt alene, og det er meget svært for mig at spørge eller søge hjælp.	I do everything alone and it's very hard for me to ask or look for help.
Synes du, jeg skal giftes?	Do you think I should get married?
Jeg har to kolleger, der er bulgarske.	I have two colleagues who are Bulgarian.
Derfor vil jeg gerne lære bulgarsk.	That is why I want to learn Bulgarian.
Jeg vil gerne tale bulgarsk hver dag.	I want to speak Bulgarian every day.
Hun skrev til mig, mens hun drak sin te.	She was writing to me while drinking her tea.
Tom anede ikke, at hans nabo var en seriemorder.	Tom had no idea that his neighbor was a serial killer.
Hvor mange elever går på din skole?	How many students go to your school?
Tom har ingen penge.	Tom doesn't have money.
Vil du se "Tom og Jerry"?	Do you want to watch "Tom and Jerry"?
Jeg ønsker fred.	I wish for peace.
Mine planter dør.	My plants are dying.
Han er ikke en vandrer.	He isn't a hiker.
Jeg skal forberede mig til eksamen.	I have to prepare for the exam.
Vi skal overnatte på et hotel.	We need to spend the night at a hotel.
Dette eventyr gjorde ham til en helt.	This adventure made him a hero.
Forkølelse er en sygdom.	The common cold is an illness.
Druer er sure.	Grapes are sour.
Jeg tror, ​​du gør grin med os.	I think you're making fun of us.
Jeg havde mistanke.	I had suspicions.
Sommeren kom tidligt.	Summer came early.
En ny skole er ved at blive bygget.	A new school is being built.
Jeg har ikke en tiendedel af din magt!	I don't have even a tenth of your power!
Jeg vil gerne se dig!	I want to see you!
Hvornår kommer der mere information?	When will there be more information?
Folk vil altid være utilfredse.	People will always be unsatisfied.
Det er klart, at vi alle er forskellige.	Obviously we are all different.
Hvilken slags spørgsmål stillede han dig?	What kind of question did he ask you?
Hvilken slags spørgsmål stillede hun dig?	What kind of question did she ask you?
Denne tale er meget god.	This speech is very good.
Denne præsentation er rigtig god.	This presentation is really good.
Skolen gav os lærebøger.	The school gave us textbooks.
Han er vant til at holde foredrag.	He is used to giving lectures.
Hun er vant til at holde foredrag.	She is used to giving lectures.
Tom ønskede ikke at falde til ro.	Tom didn't want to calm down.
Han nægtede at tænke på mit forslag.	He refused to think about my proposal.
Hun nægtede at tænke på mit forslag.	She refused to think about my proposal.
Dette er en lærebog i aritmetik.	This is a textbook on arithmetic.
Tidsenheden er et sekund.	The unit of time is a second.
Det skete lige som han sagde.	It happened just as he said.
Smerter er aldrig forbigående.	Pain is never temporary.
Læg mærke til, hvad hun siger.	Notice what she is saying.
Jeg vil være lykkelig for evigt!	I will be happy forever!
Denne hat klæder dig godt.	This hat suits you well.
Han besluttede at holde op med at ryge.	He decided to give up smoking.
Du kan svømme, ikke?	You can swim, right?
Det burde jeg være i stand til at ordne hurtigt.	I should be able to fix that quickly.
Hans stemme dirrede af vrede.	His voice was trembling with anger.
De kunne ikke lide dette spil.	They didn't like this game.
De kan ikke lide dette spil.	They don't like this game.
Min vens navn er Lori.	My friend's name is Lori.
Tom flytter ind i sin nye lejlighed på mandag.	Tom will be moving into his new apartment on Monday.
Pludselig fik hun en genial idé.	Suddenly, she had a brilliant idea.
Jeg vil gerne synge en sang.	I would like to sing a song.
Han har undervist i tyve år.	He has been teaching for twenty years.
Tænk ikke på prisen!	Don't think about the price!
Jeg gemte filen på et flashdrev.	I saved the file on a flash drive.
Hvem ville glemme det!	Who would forget it!
Hvem ville glemme hende!	Who would forget her!
Jeg bor i Setif, Algeriet.	I live in Setif, Algeria.
Layla bor i Setif, Algeriet.	Layla lives in Setif, Algeria.
Sami boede i Setif, Algeriet.	Sami lived in Setif, Algeria.
Kammerater!	Comrades!
Lad os forvandle Moskva til en kommunistisk modelby.	Let's transform Moscow into a model communist city.
Jeg bor i Oran, Algeriet.	I live in Oran, Algeria.
Jeg forstår ikke japansk.	I don't understand Japanese.
Jeg studerer japansk.	I'm studying Japanese.
Jeg vil ikke spise morgenmad.	I don't want to eat breakfast.
Mit japansk er flydende.	My Japanese is fluent.
Jeg er måske asocial, men det betyder ikke, at jeg ikke taler med folk.	I may be asocial, but that doesn't mean I don't talk to people.
Det kom ud som 150 gram.	It came out as 150 grams.
Skal jeg lade det være sådan?	Should I leave it like that?
Det er vask.	It's washing.
Jeg er ikke sikker på, om den slags sammenligninger skal foretages.	I'm not sure if those kinds of comparisons should be made.
Politikeren svarer på journalisternes spørgsmål.	The politician is answering the journalists' questions.
Jeg håber at se hende i år.	I hope to see her this year.
Disse sange er velkendte af de unge.	These songs are well known by the youth.
Han er den fuldstændige modsætning af hende.	He is the complete opposite of her.
Lad være med at spise så mange kirsebær.	Stop eating so many cherries.
Du kommer til at blive syg!	You are going to get sick!
Er der ikke reception her?	Isn't there reception here?
Han ankom til stationen ved syvtiden.	He arrived at the station at seven o'clock.
På trods af vores bedste indsats, kunne vi ikke finde en løsning på problemet.	Despite our best efforts, we couldn't find a solution to the problem.
Har du reserveret bord i restauranten?	Did you reserve a table at the restaurant?
Hvis du ikke forstår betydningen af ​​ordet, så slå det op i en ordbog.	If you don't understand the meaning of the word, look it up in a dictionary.
Du har ikke returneret mit byttepenge.	You haven't returned my change.
Vil du gå en kort gåtur?	Do you want to go for a short walk?
Dette er vores stop.	This is our stop.
Vi er nødt til at stå af.	We have to get off.
Keti Volf is a good singer.	Keti Volf is a good singer.
Han har dræbt på slagmarken.	He has killed on the battlefield.
Hvilken størrelse sko har han på?	What size shoes does he wear?
Hvilken størrelse sko har hun på?	What size shoes does she wear?
Hans arrogance kender ingen grænser.	His arrogance knows no bounds.
Vi skal ikke giftes.	We aren't going to get married.
Lad os starte oversættelsen!	Let's start the translation!
Grin ikke til mig!	Don't grin at me!
Alle mine venner skal giftes.	All of my friends are getting married.
Jeg kan virkelig godt lide denne nederdel, kan jeg prøve den på?	I really like this skirt, can I try it on?
Du skal se, næste gang bliver det bedre!	You'll see, next time it'll be better!
Værelse med dobbeltseng.	Room with a double bed.
Laura spørger alle om det samme.	Laura asks everyone the same thing.
Jeg kan ikke lade dig være alene et øjeblik.	I can't leave you alone for a moment.
Jeg har glemt hvem han var, og jeg kan ikke finde ham.	I forgot who he was and I can't find him.
Denne seddel er rippet.	This note is ripped.
Jeg vil ikke have det.	I don't want it.
Jeg taler ofte med ham i bussen.	I often talk with him on the bus.
Vil du høre historien om mit liv.	Do you want to hear the story of my life.
Hans ord afskrækkede mig.	His words discouraged me.
Jeg ville være villig til at gøre det for dig.	I'd be willing to do that for you.
Modtog du den?	Did you receive it?
Kun hvis jeg kunne!	Only if I could!
Vent, indtil indikatoren bliver grøn.	Wait until the indicator turns green.
Undskyld mig, hvor mange flere stop er der indtil Firenze?	Excuse me, how many more stops are there until Florence?
De købte den skjorte.	They bought that shirt.
Tom var klar over, at politiet ledte efter ham.	Tom was aware that the police were looking for him.
I morgen ved 5-tiden tager jeg afsted til lufthavnen.	Tomorrow at 5 o'clock I'm leaving for the airport.
Jeg arbejder som guide.	I work as a guide.
Planeterne kredser om Solen i et næsten perfekt cirkulært mønster.	The planets orbit around the Sun in a almost perfect circular pattern.
På trods af sin unge alder taler hun så mange sprog.	Despite her young age, she speaks so many languages.
Jeg ville være sammen med dig nu, hvis jeg kunne være det.	I'd be with you now if I could be.
Tom vil være bag tremmer resten af ​​sit liv.	Tom will be behind bars for the rest of his life.
Hendes far er en tidligere dømt.	Her father is an ex-convict.
Jeg vil gerne skifte plads med dig.	I'd like to change seats with you.
Tom var i sin pyjamas, da han åbnede døren.	Tom was in his pajamas when he answered the door.
Katten leger under træet.	The cat is playing under the tree.
En økonomisk krig er erklæret.	An economic war is declared.
Katya læser et økonomiblad.	Katya is reading an economics magazine.
"Tillykke" bjæffede Tom.	"Congratulations" barked Tom.
Vi ville være skøre at blive enige om at gøre det.	We'd be crazy to agree to do that.
Tom er klar over, at politiet leder efter ham.	Tom is aware that the police are looking for him.
Hvis jeg havde haft lidt flere penge, havde jeg købt dem.	If I had had a little more money, I would have bought them.
Hvis jeg havde haft lidt flere penge, ville jeg have købt dem.	If I'd had a little more money, I would've bought them.
Havde jeg haft lidt flere penge, havde jeg købt dem.	Had I had a little more money, I would have bought them.
Gør det i dit eget tempo.	Do it at your own pace.
Ved du, hvem der vandt løbet?	Do you know who won the race?
Vi kommer ikke til at synge den sang.	We're not going to sing that song.
Tom syntes ikke at være klar over, hvad der var sket.	Tom didn't seem to be aware of what had happened.
Efterhånden som kvinder over hele verden tilpasser sig at arbejde eksternt, finder mange det både befriende og udfordrende at klæde sig fra deres hjem.	As women around the world adapt to working remotely, many are finding it both liberating and challenging to dress from the confines of their homes.
VOAs Julie Taboh talte med eksperter i modebranchen om den aktuelle salgstrend.	VOA’s Julie Taboh spoke with experts in the fashion industry about current sales trend.
Pandemien ændrer den måde, kvinder klæder sig på.	The pandemic is changing the way women dress.
Mary bar et lyserødt tørklæde.	Mary wore a bright pink scarf.
Den smeltende permafrost var nøglefaktoren i den økologiske katastrofe.	The melting permafrost was key factor in the ecological disaster.
Mary så betænksom ud i morges.	Mary was looking thoughtful this morning.
Du kan ikke efterlade os her!	You can't leave us here!
Kan du virkelig ikke se, at dit liv er i fare, hvis du bliver her?	Do you really not see that your life is in danger if you stay here?
Vi planlægger ikke at gå sammen.	We're not planning to go together.
Forklar alle de ting, jeg har sagt til dem.	Explain all the things I've said to them.
Jeg stoler på, at de ved, hvad de laver.	I trust that they know what they are doing.
Tom flytter ind på sit nye sted på mandag.	Tom will be moving into his new place on Monday.
Om et kvarter går solen ned.	In a quarter of an hour the sun will set.
Tom, ved du hvor lang tid vi har tilbage af vores rejse?	Tom, do you know how long we have left of our journey?
Er alt i orden, Tom?	Is everything OK, Tom?
Jeg sagde, at du skulle vente i bilen!	I told you to wait in the car!
Jeg hjalp også til.	I also helped out.
Vi må finde en anden vej ud herfra.	We must find another way out from here.
Jeg går ikke ind her!	I won't enter here!
Jeg kan ikke se ham nogen steder.	I can't see him anywhere.
Løft hovedet op!	Lift your head up!
Jeg ville gerne have, hvis du gjorde det for mig.	I'd like it if you did that for me.
Gennem deres karriere havde de sjette mænd ofte været fascineret af ideen om flugt.	Throughout their career the Sixth Men had often been fascinated by the idea of flight.
Fuglen var igen og igen deres mest hellige symbol.	The bird was again and again their most sacred symbol.
Deres monoteisme var egnet til at tilbede ikke et gudemenneske, men af ​​en gudefugl, nu opfattet som den guddommelige havørn, bevinget med kraft, nu som den kæmpe hurtige, bevinget af barmhjertighed, nu som en luftens ånd uden krop, og engang som fugleguden, der blev mennesket for at udstyre menneskeslægten med flugt, fysisk og åndeligt.	Their monotheism was apt to be worship not of a god-man, but of a godbird, conceived now as the divine sea-eagle, winged with power, now as the giant swift, winged with mercy, now as a disembodied spirit of air, and once as the bird-god that became man to endow the human race with flight, physical and spiritual.
Tom flytter ind i sit nye hus på mandag.	Tom will be moving into his new house on Monday.
På visse store planeter, hvis klima, på grund af nærheden af ​​en voldsom sol, var meget varmere end vores troper, fandt vi nogle gange en intelligent fiskelignende race.	On certain large planets, whose climates, owing to the proximity of a violent sun, were very much hotter than our tropics, we sometimes found an intelligent fish-like race.
Det var forvirrende for os at opdage, at en ubådsverden kunne stige til mentalitet af menneskelig rang og til det åndsdrama, som vi nu så ofte havde mødt.	It was bewildering to us to discover that a submarine world could rise to mentality of human rank, and to that drama of the spirit, which we had now so often encountered.
Nogle gange var vi tilbøjelige til at opfatte det som ren og skær magt og symboliserede det for os selv ved hjælp af alle de utallige magtguder i vores mange verdener.	Sometimes we inclined to conceive it as sheer Power, and symbolized it to ourselves by means of all the myriad power-deities of our many worlds.
Nogle gange følte vi os sikre på, at det var den rene Fornuft, og at kosmos kun var en øvelse fra den guddommelige matematiker.	Sometimes we felt assured that it was pure Reason, and that the cosmos was but an exercise of the divine mathematician.
Nogle gange forekom kærligheden at være dens væsentlige karakter, og vi forestillede os den med formerne af alle verdens Kristus'er, de menneskelige Kristus, Echino-derm og Nautiloid Kristus, den dobbelte Kristus af Sym-biotikken, den sværmende Kristus af insektoiderne.	Sometimes Love seemed to us its essential character, and we imagined it with the forms of all the Christs of all the worlds, the human Christs, the Echino-derm and Nautiloid Christs, the dual Christ of the Sym-biotics, the swarming Christ of the Insectoids.
Men lige så meget forekom den for os som urimelig kreativitet, på én gang blind og subtil, øm og grusom, kun bekymret for at afføde og afføde den uendelige mangfoldighed af væsener, og her og der udtænke en skrøbelig skønhed blandt tusinde sindssyge.	But equally it appeared to us as unreasoning Creativity, at once blind and subtle, tender and cruel, caring only to spawn and spawn the infinite variety of beings, conceiving here and there among a thousand inanities a fragile loveliness.
Dette kunne den for en stund fremelske med moderlig omsorg, indtil den i en pludselig jalousi over sin egen skabnings fortræffelighed ville ødelægge, hvad den havde lavet.	This it might for a while foster with maternal solicitude, till in a sudden jealousy of the excellence of its own creature, it would destroy what it had made.
Fodbold er den sport, jeg foretrækker.	Soccer is the sport that I prefer.
Vi er ikke i stand til at forsvare os selv.	We're not able to defend ourselves.
Tom er den, der faktisk trykkede på aftrækkeren.	Tom is the one that actually pulled the trigger.
Mentalt var de tredje mænd i sandhed meget ulige deres forgængere.	Mentally the Third Men were indeed very unlike their predecessors.
Deres intelligens var på nogle måder ikke mindre smidig; men det var mere snedigt end intellektuelt, mere praktisk end teoretisk.	Their intelligence was in some ways no less agile; but it was more cunning than intellectual, more practical than theoretical.
De interesserede sig mere for sanseoplevelsens verden end i den abstrakte fornufts verden, og igen langt mere i levende ting end i det livløse.	They were interested more in the world of sense-experience than in the world of abstract reason, and again far more in living things than in the lifeless.
De udmærkede sig inden for visse former for kunst, og faktisk også inden for nogle videnskabsområder.	They excelled in certain kinds of art, and indeed also in some fields of science.
Men de blev ført ind i videnskaben mere gennem praktiske, æstetiske eller religiøse behov end gennem intellektuel nysgerrighed.	But they were led into science more through practical, aesthetic or religious needs than through intellectual curiosity.
I matematik, for eksempel (hvilket i høj grad hjulpet af duodecimalsystemet, som var resultatet af, at de havde tolv fingre), blev de vidunderlige regnemaskiner; alligevel havde de aldrig nysgerrigheden til at spørge ind til antallets væsentlige natur.	In mathematics, for instance (helped greatly by the duodecimal system, which resulted from their having twelve fingers), they became wonderful calculators; yet they never had the curiosity to inquire into the essential nature of number.
Heller ikke i fysik blev de nogensinde ført til at opdage rummets mere dunkle egenskaber.	Nor, in physics, were they ever led to discover the more obscure properties of space.
De var i sandhed mærkeligt blottet for nysgerrighed.	They were, indeed, strangely devoid of curiosity.
Derfor, selvom de nogle gange var i stand til en gennemtrængende mystisk intuition, disciplinerede de sig aldrig for alvor under filosofi, og forsøgte heller ikke at relatere deres mystiske intuition med resten af ​​deres erfaring.	Hence, though sometimes capable of a penetrating mystical intuition, they never seriously disciplined themselves under philosophy, nor tried to relate their mystical intuitions with the rest of their experience.
Det vil vi ikke gøre, vel?	We're not going to do that, are we?
Tom er udenfor og leger med nogle af sine venner.	Tom is outside playing with some of his friends.
Tom er skuffet, fordi hans fodboldhold ikke vandt.	Tom is disappointed because his soccer team didn't win.
Det er vi ikke interesserede i at gøre.	We're not interested in doing that.
Tom kommer til at blive skadet, hvis han ikke er forsigtig.	Tom is going to get injured if he's not careful.
Tom sparker bolden.	Tom kicks the ball.
Vi er ikke sikre på, hvad der skal gøres.	We're not sure what should be done.
Tom kommer til at blive skadet, hvis han ikke er forsigtig.	Tom is going to get injured if he isn't careful.
Kan vi tale mindre formelt med hinanden?	Can we talk less formally to each other?
Du er bare et legetøj.	You are just a toy.
En selvstændig stavelse giver ingen mening.	A standalone syllable doesn't convey any meaning.
To hundrede millioner år efter solkollisionen konkurrerede utallige arter af undermenneskelige græssere med lange fårlignende næsepartier, rigelige kindtænder og næsten drøvtyggeres fordøjelsessystemer med hinanden på det polare kontinent.	Two hundred million years after the solar collision innumerable species of sub-human grazers with long sheep-like muzzles, ample molars, and almost ruminant digestive systems, were competing with one another on the polar continent.
Disse byttede undermenneskelige kødædere, hvoraf nogle blev bygget til fart i jagten, andre til forfølgelse og et pludseligt forår.	Upon these preyed the sub-human carnivora, of whom some were built for speed in the chase, others for stalking and a sudden spring.
Men da spring ikke var nogen let sag på Neptun, var de kattelignende typer alle minut.	But since jumping was no easy matter on Neptune, the cat-like types were all minute.
De forgreb sig på menneskets mere kanin- og rotte-lignende efterkommere eller på ådslerne af de større pattedyr eller på de lystige orme og biller.	They preyed upon man's more rabbit-like and rat-like descendants, or on the carrion of the larger mammals, or on the lusty worms and beetles.
Disse var oprindeligt udsprunget fra skadedyr, som ved et uheld var blevet transporteret fra Venus.	These had sprung originally from vermin which had been transported accidentally from Venus.
For af al den gamle venerianske fauna var det kun mennesket selv, nogle få insekter og andre hvirvelløse dyr og mange slags mikroorganismer, der lykkedes med at kolonisere Neptun.	For of all the ancient Venerian fauna only man himself, a few insects and other invertebrates, and many kinds of micro-organisms, succeeded in colonizing Neptune.
Af planter var mange typer blevet kunstigt avlet til den nye verden, og fra disse opstod efterhånden et væld af græsser, blomstrende planter, tykstammede buske og nye tang.	Of plants, many types had been artificially bred for the new world, and from these eventually arose a host of grasses, flowering plants, thick-trunked bushes, and novel sea-weeds.
På denne marine flora fodrede visse højt udviklede havorme; og af disse sidste blev nogle med tiden hvirveldyr, rovdyr, hurtige og fiskelignende.	On this marine flora fed certain highly developed marine worms; and of these last, some in time became vertebrate, predatory, swift and fish-like.
På disse blev menneskets egne marine efterkommere byttet, hvad enten de var undermenneskelige sæler eller endnu mere specialiserede undermenneskelige marsvin.	On these in turn man's own marine descendants preyed, whether as sub-human seals, or still more specialized subhuman porpoises.
Jeg har ikke mine nøgler.	I don't have my keys.
Men jeg kan ikke huske, at jeg efterlod dem nogen steder.	But I don't remember leaving them anywhere.
Hvad hedder den nye engelsklærer?	What's the new English teacher's name?
Skal vi lave et væddemål?	Should we make a bet?
Han smilede, mens han sang.	He smiled while singing.
Min bedstefar drikker kun rakia og vin.	My grandfather drinks only rakia and wine.
Du bør holde op med at tale og lytte.	You should quit talking and listen.
Hvor mange gange har jeg ikke bedt dig om at lade vinduet stå åbent!	How many times have I told you not to leave the window open!
Det er det spørgsmål, du skal stille dig selv.	That is the question you need to ask yourselves.
Det ene og det andet har ingen forbindelse.	The one and the other don't have a connection.
Tom gør klar til at flytte til en ny lejlighed.	Tom is getting ready to move to a new apartment.
Jeg ved ikke, hvordan jeg skal løse denne matematiske ligning.	I don't know how I should solve this math equation.
Tænd ikke for radioen, mens du studerer.	Don't turn on the radio while you are studying.
Det her er min fars arbejdsplads.	This here is my father's workplace.
Jeg er meget glad for at se dig.	I'm very pleased to see you.
Hvilken størrelse er det?	What size is it?
Generelt er den fysiske og mentale form af bevidste væsener et udtryk for karakteren af ​​den planet, hvorpå de lever.	In general the physical and mental form of conscious beings is an expression of the character of the planet on which they live.
På visse meget store og vandige planeter fandt vi for eksempel ud af, at civilisationen var blevet opnået af marine organismer.	On certain very large and aqueous planets, for instance, we found that civilization had been achieved by marine organisms.
På disse enorme jordkloder kunne ingen landboere så store som en mand trives, for tyngdekraften ville have naglet dem til jorden.	On these huge globes no land-dwellers as large as a man could possibly thrive, for gravitation would have nailed them to the ground.
Men i vandet var der ingen sådan begrænsning for bulk.	But in the water there was no such limitation to bulk.
En ejendommelighed ved disse store verdener var, at der på grund af gravitationens knusende virkning sjældent var store forhøjninger og fordybninger i deres overflade.	One peculiarity of these big worlds was that, owing to the crushing action of gravitation, there were seldom any great elevations and depressions in their surface.
Således var de sædvanligvis dækket af et lavvandet hav, brækket hist og her af øgrupper af små, lave øer.	Thus they were usually covered by a shallow ocean, broken here and there by archipelagos of small, low islands.
Hvad vil de have af ham?	What do they want from him?
Din ven burde ikke være så nysgerrig!	You friend shouldn't be so nosy!
Din ven burde ikke være så stolt!	Your friend shouldn't be so prideful!
Jeg skærer hindbær.	I cut raspberries.
Jeg spørger for en sikkerheds skyld.	I'm asking just in case.
Jeg skal på toget til Varna, ikke for Vidin.	I have to get on the train for Varna not for Vidin.
Min hånd klør.	My hand is itchy.
Du provokerer mig.	You are provoking me.
Hvem er enig med mig?	Who agrees with me?
Jeg bliver her i en uge.	I'll stay here for a week.
Vi vil ikke savne dig.	We won't miss you.
Han gør en indsats for at holde op med at ryge.	He puts in the effort to quit smoking.
Vi åbner lærebogen til side ti.	We are opening the textbook to page ten.
Du er træneren.	You are the coach.
Ikke mig.	Not me.
To billetter tak.	Two tickets please.
Glædelig jul til dig også!	Merry Christmas to you as well!
Vi kan afslutte.	We can finish up.
De besluttede at afslutte diskussionen.	They decided to end the discussion.
Hvis du kommer, kommer vi også.	If you will come we will come as well.
Du vil have mig til at hjælpe dig, ikke?	You want me to help you, right?
Kommer om et minut.	Coming in a minute.
Tom har to ringe på tommelfingeren.	Tom has two rings on his thumb.
Træet er meget højt.	The tree is very high.
Alle elever i første klasse kommer med blomster.	All of the first graders are bringing flowers.
Vi ankom ved syvtiden.	We arrived at seven o'clock.
Nyheden gjorde hende ked af det.	The news saddened her.
Smid nøglerne væk.	Throw away the keys.
Du kører til London.	You will drive to London.
Min forkølelse er næsten gået over.	My cold has almost passed.
Vi kan passere uden ham.	We can pass without him.
Hvad vil de have af dig?	What do they want from you?
Han fulgte hendes spor.	He was following her tracks.
Frøken, du har glemt dit skifte!	Miss, you forgot your change!
Gå ikke glip af!	Don't miss!
Børn kan ikke lide at gå i bad.	Children don't like to shower.
Det er lige meget om han kommer eller ej.	It doesn't matter if he'll come or not.
Denne morgen er meget cool, ikke?	This morning is very cool, right?
Hun vender tilbage fra England.	She is returning from England.
Kvinder skræmmer mig.	Women scare me.
Opfør dig, som om du ikke ved noget.	Act as if you don't know anything.
Så går jeg igennem dig.	Then I'll go through you.
Hvornår kan jeg gå i bad?	When can I take a shower?
Kan vi slutte her?	Can we finish up here?
Dit hår er rodet.	Your hair is messed up.
Gå og ordne det.	Go and fix it.
Tom brugte mere end tre timer på at lede efter sine nøgler, men han har stadig ikke fundet dem.	Tom spent more than three hours looking for his keys, but he still hasn't found them.
Kan jeg få mere mælk?	Can I have more milk?
"Hvor skal du hen?"	"Where are you going?"
"Til et foredrag."	"To a lecture."
Det er et andet emne.	That's another topic.
Skal vi træne?	Do we have to train?
Jeg kunne få dig til at græde, hvis jeg ville.	I could make you cry if I wanted to.
Tom er blevet idømt tre års fængsel.	Tom has been sentenced to three years in prison.
Hvorfor lægger du det her?	Why are you putting that here?
Jeg ville være en rigtig god træner, tror jeg.	I'd be a really good coach, I think.
Tom har været kunde hos os i lang tid.	Tom has been a customer of ours for a long time.
Venter du altid på bussen her?	Do you always wait for the bus here?
Hvilken bil kører du?	What car do you drive?
Jeg vil gerne takke dig for din hjælp.	I'd like to thank you for your help.
Tom gjorde præcis, hvad han sagde, han ville gøre.	Tom did exactly what he said he was going to do.
Nogle gange er det i spørgsmålene, når de er velformede, at svarene findes.	Sometimes, it's in the questions, when they're well-formed, that the answers are found.
Apollinaris, læge for kejser Titus, tog en god lort her.	Apollinaris, doctor of Emperor Titus, took a good crap here.
Josefus var ikke en upartisk historiker.	Josephus was not an impartial historian.
Vi planlægger ikke at synge sammen.	We're not planning to sing together.
Tom kunne komme i fængsel resten af ​​sit liv.	Tom could go to prison for the rest of his life.
Min brors eks arbejder for Amnesty International.	My brother's ex works for Amnesty International.
Vi er ikke bange for folk som dig.	We're not scared of people like you.
Tom begik selvmord på sin 30-års fødselsdag.	Tom committed suicide on his thirtieth birthday.
Det er ikke musen, der stjæler; det er hullet i væggen, der stjæler.	It is not the mouse that steals; it is the hole in the wall that steals.
Jeg skal tidligt op i morgen tidlig.	I must get up early tomorrow morning.
Tom fejrede sin 30-års fødselsdag i Boston.	Tom celebrated his thirtieth birthday in Boston.
Der er mange blomster i landsbyens haver.	There are a lot of flowers in the gardens of the village.
Lyset skinner et øjeblik, for derefter at forsvinde.	The light shines for a moment, then fades away.
Jeg prøvede at ignorere, hvad der skete.	I tried to ignore what was happening.
Tom arbejder i en dagligvarebutik i nærheden af ​​mit hus.	Tom works at a convenience store near my house.
Jeg vil gerne lære at klippe et får.	I want to learn how to shear a sheep.
Tom vil være berettiget til prøveløsladelse om tre år.	Tom will be eligible for parole in three years.
Jeg ville være skuffet, hvis det skete.	I'd be disappointed if that happened.
Tom var spændt på, hvad der skulle ske.	Tom was excited about what was going to happen.
Engelske haver er meget smukke.	English gardens are very beautiful.
Jeg ville være meget glad, hvis det skete.	I'd be very pleased if that happened.
Tom deler sin tid mellem Boston og Chicago.	Tom splits his time between Boston and Chicago.
Jeg ville gøre det igen, hvis du bad mig om det.	I'd do that again if you asked me to.
Tom bor i Boston med sin kone og børn.	Tom lives in Boston with his wife and children.
Jeg ville gå tidligt, hvis jeg fik lov.	I'd leave early if I were allowed to.
Tom er den, der faktisk trykkede på aftrækkeren.	Tom is the one who actually pulled the trigger.
Jeg vil gerne spørge dig, hvordan du gjorde det.	I'd like to ask you how you did that.
Tom er nok den bedste elev i denne klasse.	Tom is probably the best student in this class.
Skal du afsted i morgen?	Will you be leaving tomorrow?
Vi planlægger ikke at gå sammen.	We're not planning on going together.
Hun kom mandag og tog afsted igen dagen efter.	She came on Monday, leaving again the following day.
Tom har travlt lige nu og kan ikke tale med dig.	Tom is busy right now and can't speak with you.
Greta væltede øllet ned i en slurk.	Greta downed the beer in one swig.
Greta sænkede øllet i én fad.	Greta downed the beer in one draught.
Greta væltede øllet i ét.	Greta downed the beer in one.
Har du planlagt noget i aften?	Have you got anything planned for this evening?
Har du nogle planer for denne aften?	Have you got any plans for this evening?
Har du noget planlagt i aften?	Do you have anything planned for this evening?
Den første lektion var let.	The first lesson was easy.
Begge Johns hunde har det godt med hans kat.	Both John's dogs get on well with his cat.
Nogle interessante spørgsmål dukkede op i dagens klasse.	Some interesting questions came up in today's class.
Skibet er gået ud af kurs.	The ship has gone off course.
Skibet gik ud af kurs.	The ship went off course.
Hun er holdt op med at plukke tusindfryd.	She has stopped picking daisies.
Det er et af de mange sving på denne landevej.	That's one of the many bends in this country road.
Kometer følger excentriske baner.	Comets follow eccentric orbits.
Denne del af byen er en sand labyrint af snoede gader og små pladser.	This part of town is a veritable labyrinth of winding streets and small squares.
Han tabte melonen, og den brast.	He dropped the melon and it burst.
Vil du have mælk og sukker?	Do you want milk and sugar?
Marken er over 300 hektar stor.	The field is over 300 hectares big.
Der ligger en bog på bordet.	There's a book on the table.
Hun begyndte at tale med en hund.	She began to talk to a dog.
Hun begyndte at tale med en hund.	She began talking to a dog.
Hun begyndte at tale med en hund.	She started talking to a dog.
Han har drukket for meget på det seneste.	He's been drinking too much lately.
Han har drukket for meget på det seneste.	He has been drinking too much lately.
En af hende ventede på hende ved porten.	A friend of hers was waiting for her at the gate.
Han stak af med halen mellem benene.	He ran away with his tail between his legs.
Dette bord er for lille til Meg.	This table is too small for Meg.
Peter så Paul gå rundt i sin have.	Peter saw Paul walking round in his garden.
Det var ikke det resultat, de havde forventet.	That's not the result they had expected.
Han lå på ryggen og kiggede mod himlen.	He lay on his back looking at the sky.
Hun tog sin kandidatgrad for tre år siden.	She did her master's degree three years ago.
Hun tog sin master for tre år siden.	She did her master's three years ago.
Du må hellere komme videre.	You'd better get a move on.
Du må hellere tage et skift på.	You'd better get a shift on.
Det var dejligt vejr i går.	It was nice weather yesterday.
Vejret var dejligt i går.	The weather was nice yesterday.
Kiksen er under bordet.	The biscuit is under the table.
Hun har ændret sine planer.	She has changed her plans.
Bill har bestået eksamen.	Bill has passed the exam.
Bill har bestået testen.	Bill has passed the test.
Bill bestod eksamen.	Bill passed the exam.
Bill bestod testen.	Bill passed the test.
Går du og jogger hver dag?	Do you go jogging every day?
Jogger du hver dag?	Do you jog every day?
Denne blomst er den smukkeste.	This flower is the most beautiful.
Dette er den smukkeste blomst.	This is the most beautiful flower.
At spise i eller tage med?	To eat in or take away?
At spise her eller tage med?	To eat here or take away?
Det kan alle gøre.	Everyone can do that.
Hvornår står du så op?	When are you getting up, then?
Hvornår skal du op?	When are you going to get up?
Pigen, der taler med John, er Susan.	The girl talking to John is Susan.
Pigen, der taler med John, er Susan.	The girl who is talking to John is Susan.
Larmen fik hunden til at gø.	The noise made the dog bark.
Hun er DJ.	She's a DJ.
Det var hurtigt.	That was quick.
Tak!	Thanks!
Han spiller klaver for sjov.	He plays the piano for fun.
Han er fåmælt.	He is taciturn.
Han er reserveret.	He is reserved.
Han er stille.	He is quiet.
I dag er den næstsidste dag i 2010.	Today is the penultimate day of 2010.
I dag er den sidste dag udover en i 2010.	Today is the last day but one of 2010.
Tak for den anden dag.	Thanks for the other day.
På trods af de mange reparationer, den har gennemgået, har maskinen aldrig fungeret godt.	Despite the many repairs it has undergone, the machine has never worked well.
Kaffe og te er klar.	Coffee and tea are ready.
"Vi ses snart," sagde hun.	"See you soon," she said.
Hun mistede sin kasket, men fandt den så med det samme.	She lost her cap, but then found it straight away.
Du kan tage ethvert tog, du kan lide, fra perron 5.	You can take any train you like from platform 5.
Han lavede selv aftensmad.	He himself made supper.
Han lavede selv te.	He himself made tea.
Hvem det end var, der gik med ham til kunstgalleriet, så var det bestemt ikke Mary.	Whoever it was who went with him to the art gallery, it definitely wasn't Mary.
Hvem det end var, der gik med ham til kunsthallen, var det bestemt ikke Mary.	Whoever it was who went with him to the art gallery, it was definitely not Mary.
Det er hans egen sag.	That's his own affair.
Tager du sukker til din kaffe?	Do you take sugar with your coffee?
Synes du, at jeg skal være bekymret?	Do you think that I should be worried?
Hun er ikke sulten først om morgenen, så hun spiser altid omkring klokken 10.	She's not hungry first thing in the morning, so she always eats at about 10 o'clock.
Hun har ikke appetit tidligt om morgenen, så hun spiser altid omkring klokken 10.	She doesn't have an appetite early in the morning, so she always eats at about 10 o'clock.
Bilens motor pakkede sammen på vejen.	The car's engine packed up on the way.
Hun foreslår, at han skal dyrke noget sport hver dag.	She suggests he should do some sport every day.
Den gamle mand mumlede noget.	The old man mumbled something.
Den gamle mand blev mumlet noget.	The old man was muttered something.
Den gamle mand mumlede noget.	The old man was mumbling something.
Den gamle mand mumlede noget under åndedrættet.	The old man muttered something under his breath.
Den gamle mand mumlede noget under vejret.	The old man was muttering something under his breath.
Tom har tre børn fra sit første ægteskab.	Tom has three children from his first marriage.
Åh, det er endnu bedre.	Oh, that's better still.
Åh, det er endnu bedre.	Oh, that's even better.
Han er ikke længere den glade fyr, han plejede at være.	He's no longer the cheerful fella he used to be.
Han er ikke længere den glade fyr, han plejede at være.	He's no longer the happy-go-lucky bloke he used to be.
Han kunne have set hende.	He might have seen her.
Måske så han hende.	Maybe he saw her.
Måske har han set hende.	Maybe he's seen her.
Måske så han hende.	Perhaps he saw her.
Ikke halvt dårligt!	Not half bad!
Hun fik lavet en kjole til sig selv.	She had a dress made for herself.
Har du taget hårtørreren med?	Did you bring the hairdryer?
Har du taget hårtørreren med?	Have you brought the hairdryer?
Der blev drukket meget i går.	There was a lot of drinking yesterday.
Der blev drukket meget i går.	A lot of drinking was done yesterday.
Der blev drukket meget i går.	There was a lot of drinking going on yesterday.
Du ser meget betænksom ud.	You look very thoughtful.
Du ser eftertænksom ud.	You look pensive.
Hun har takket nej til invitationen.	She has declined the invitation.
Han tog en blyant op.	He picked up a pencil.
Han hjalp den gamle dame med at rejse sig fra sin stol.	He helped the old lady get up from her chair.
Han hjalp den gamle dame med at rejse sig fra sin stol.	He helped the old lady rise from her chair.
Han hjalp den gamle dame med at rejse sig fra sin stol.	He was helping the old lady get up from her chair.
Han hjalp den gamle dame med at rejse sig fra sin stol.	He was helping the old lady rise from her chair.
Det er for tidligt at diskutere det.	It's too soon to discuss that.
Mor delte kagen i tre.	Mum divided the cake into three.
Bonden bearbejdede sin jord omhyggeligt.	The farmer carefully worked his land.
Bonden bearbejdede sin jord møjsommeligt.	The farmer worked his land painstakingly.
Bilen accelererede og overhalede lastbilen.	The car accelerated and overtook the lorry.
Bilen accelererede og overhalede lastbilen.	The car accelerated, overtaking the lorry.
Motoren fungerer ret godt.	The engine works pretty well.
Han spredte brødet med smør.	He spread the bread with butter.
Jeg ville blive overrasket, hvis du kunne gøre det.	I'd be surprised if you could do that.
Tom har en af ​​de bedste stemmer, jeg nogensinde har hørt.	Tom has one of the best voices I've ever heard.
Hun hang sin frakke bag døren.	She hung her coat behind the door.
Det vil jeg gerne se bedre på.	I'd like to get a better look at that.
Tom er taget til Boston for at bo hos sin far.	Tom has gone to Boston to live with his father.
Jeg vil gerne blive hos dig et stykke tid.	I'd like to stay with you for a while.
Toms bil har stået her i tre dage.	Tom's car has been parked here for three days.
Jeg vil gerne prøve at ordne dette selv.	I'd like to try fixing this by myself.
Tom gik udenfor for at tage billeder af månen.	Tom went outside to take pictures of the moon.
Vi er sådan her.	We are like this.
Lad være med at forvirre mig selv.	Don't confuse me for yourself.
Politiet er dine venner.	The police are your friends.
Regeringen træffer ikke hurtige beslutninger, de træffer de rigtige beslutninger.	The government don't make fast decisions, they make the right decisions.
Jeg ville nok have gjort det samme.	I'd probably have done the same thing.
Tom var klar over, at politiet ledte efter ham.	Tom was aware the police were looking for him.
Vi skal ingen steder hen i denne regn.	We're not going anywhere in this rain.
Tom gør klar til at flytte ind i et nyt hus.	Tom is getting ready to move into a new house.
Vi er ikke hvor vi skal være.	We're not where we're supposed to be.
Tom sad stille i venteværelset.	Tom was sitting quietly in the waiting room.
Jeg burde gøre det samme, som du gør.	I should do the same thing you're doing.
Tom er klar over, at politiet leder efter ham.	Tom is aware the police are looking for him.
Jeg havde aldrig set Tom så ked af det.	I'd never seen Tom so upset.
Jeg ville gerne have, hvis nogen gjorde det for mig.	I'd like it if someone did that for me.
Tom blev fyret for at være uhøflig over for en kunde.	Tom was fired for being rude to a customer.
Jeg fandt bogen, som John talte om.	I found the book that John was talking about.
Jeg ser dig, men du kan ikke se mig.	I see you, but you can't see me.
Jeg kan se dig, men du kan ikke se mig.	I can see you, but you can't see me.
Han har kun et ben.	He has only one leg.
Jeg kan ikke finde lighteren.	I cannot find the lighter.
Jeg ville aldrig kunne gøre det alene.	I'd never be able to do that by myself.
Tom bor mindre end en kilometer væk herfra.	Tom lives less than a mile away from here.
Hvis jeg var dig, ville jeg gøre noget andet.	If I were you, I'd do something else.
Hvis jeg var dig, ville jeg ikke gøre det på den måde.	If I were you, I wouldn't do it that way.
Hvis jeg var dig, ville jeg bede Tom om at hjælpe mig.	If I were you, I'd ask Tom to help me.
Hvis jeg var dig, ville jeg vente.	If I were you, I'd wait.
Hvis jeg var dig, ville jeg spørge Tom, hvad han synes.	If I were you, I'd ask Tom what he thinks.
Hvis jeg var dig, ville jeg ikke købe den.	If I were you, I wouldn't buy that one.
Hvis jeg var dig, ville jeg vente, indtil Tom kommer her.	If I were you, I'd wait until Tom gets here.
Hvis jeg var dig, ville jeg tage til Boston.	If I were you, I'd go to Boston.
Hvis jeg var dig, ville jeg bede chefen om lønforhøjelse.	If I were you, I'd ask the boss for a raise.
Jeg kan se Tom, men jeg kan ikke se dig.	I can see Tom, but I can't see you.
Jeg kan ikke se Tom, men jeg kan se dig.	I can't see Tom, but I can see you.
Der er kun ét rigtigt svar.	There's only one correct answer.
Jeg er også bange.	I'm scared, too.
Jeg troede aldrig, at denne dag ville komme.	I never thought this day would come.
Der er kun ét muligt svar.	There's only one possible answer.
Jeg ville nok blive tilgivet, hvis jeg gjorde det.	I'd probably be forgiven if I did that.
Tom skrev hurtigt alles navne ned.	Tom quickly wrote down everyone's names.
Jeg skulle have skrevet alles navne ned.	I should've written down everybody's names.
Tom skrev hurtigt alles navne ned.	Tom quickly wrote down everybody's names.
Jeg skulle have skrevet alles navne ned.	I should've written down everyones's names.
Tom har været kunde i lang tid.	Tom has been a customer for a long time.
Jeg huskede ikke, hvordan jeg kom tilbage til hotellet.	I didn't remember how to get back to the hotel.
Tom besluttede, at det var tid til at tage af sted.	Tom decided that it was time to leave.
Den person, som Susan er højere end Mary.	The person that Susan is taller than is Mary.
Du har valgt den forkerte mand at slås med.	You've chosen the wrong man to pick a fight with.
Tom besluttede, at det skulle han ikke gøre.	Tom decided that he shouldn't do that.
Du kommer til at komme til skade, hvis du ikke er forsigtig.	You're going to get injured if you aren't careful.
Tom morede sig med at spille spil.	Tom amused himself by playing games.
Universet har ingen grænser.	The universe has no boundaries.
Du vil falde, hvis du slipper min hånd.	You'll fall if you let go of my hand.
Du kommer til at komme til skade, hvis du ikke er forsigtig.	You're going to get injured if you're not careful.
Tom besluttede, at det var tid til at tage afsted.	Tom decided it was time to leave.
Mary siger, hun er fuld.	Mary says she's drunk.
Jeg havde ikke modet til at fortælle ham sandheden.	I didn't have the courage to tell him the truth.
Du ser ud til at nyde livet lidt for meget.	You seem to be enjoying life a little bit too much.
Tom besluttede, at han ikke skulle gøre det.	Tom decided he shouldn't do that.
Hvad er navnet på den hund?	What is the name of that dog?
Ved du tilfældigvis, hvad vi skal lave?	Do you, by any chance, know what we're supposed to be doing?
Tom tog hjem med bus.	Tom went home by bus.
Jeg er der igen klokken syv.	I'll be there again at seven o'clock.
Mit navn er Alexander.	My name is Alexander.
Jeg er fra Sofia.	I'm from Sofia.
Jeg arbejder som programmør.	I work as a programmer.
Jeg er så dybt forelsket, at jeg ikke engang tænkte på at have sex med hende.	I'm so deeply in love that I didn't even think about having sex with her.
Tak fordi du gav mig lov.	Thank you for allowing me.
Alle stillede sig selv det samme spørgsmål.	Everyone asked themselves the same question.
Undskyld mig, hvor kan jeg finde honningen?	Excuse me, where can I find the honey?
Hvorfor er folk aldrig glade?	Why are people never happy?
For de vil altid det umulige.	Because they always want the impossible.
I dag er lange nederdele ikke moderigtigt.	Nowadays long skirts are not fashionable.
Jeg er ikke færdig med at snakke.	I haven't finished talking.
Jeg er bange for, at det vil regne i aften.	I'm afraid that it'll rain tonight.
Undskyld mig, kan du give mig limen?	Excuse me, could you pass me the glue?
Skal han tilbage til Italien?	Is he going back to Italy?
Ikke alle tekster fortjener at blive offentliggjort.	Not all texts deserve to be published.
Nogle er religiøse og nogle er ateister.	Some are religious and some are atheists.
Har du en hvid kjole?	Do you have a white dress?
Der var et blodigt fodaftryk på gulvet nær døren.	There was a bloody footprint on the floor near the door.
De, der ønsker at være med i klubben, bedes skrive dit navn her.	Those who wish to join the club, please write your name here.
Mary er altid glad og smilende.	Mary is always happy and smiling.
Hvad tid ankommer du?	What time do you arrive?
Hvis vi skal være ærlige, forstod vi det ikke.	If we have to be honest we didn't understand it.
Hvis vi skal være ærlige, forstod vi hende ikke.	If we have to be honest we didn't understand her.
God aften.	Good evening.
Jeg vil gerne bestille et dobbeltværelse på dit hotel.	I would like to book a double room in your hotel.
Mary og jeg hilser på hinanden.	Mary and I greet each other.
Han foreslår, at vi tager afsted nu.	He is suggesting for us to leave now.
Hvem spørger?	Who is asking?
Hun er klogere end ham.	She is smarter than him.
Hvorfor skal vi fornærme de stakkels firben?	Why do we have to insult the poor lizards?
Valider dit kort, så du ikke får en bøde.	Validate your card so as to not get fined.
Han afviste selv kornet.	He rejected even the cereal.
Dette slips passer til din skjorte.	This tie fits your shirt.
Jeg vil gerne have marineret fisk og skaldyr.	I would like marinated fish and sea food.
Det er nemmere at få en hund til at sidde, end det er at få en pige til at forstå, at du kan lide hende.	It's easier to make a dog sit than it is to make a girl understand that you like her.
Du virker skarp.	You seem sharp.
Jeg må ikke gå glip af din næste koncert.	I mustn't miss your next concert.
Ingen mad kan stille deres sult.	No food can satiate their hunger.
Jeg havde en skjorte med korte ærmer.	I had a shirt with short sleeves.
Jeg gik frem og tilbage i en lejlighed.	I was walking back and forth in an apartment.
Det har jeg aldrig været i tvivl om.	I have never doubted that.
Lad være med at foregive at være så åben.	Don't pretend to be so open.
Ingen tid!	No time!
Den onde heks forvandlede manden til et insekt.	The evil witch turned the man into an insect.
Jeg kan ikke vente længere.	I can't wait anymore.
Jeg vil gøre noget!	I'm going to do something!
Romerske kvinder ville udvide deres pupiller med belladonna, fordi de mente, at dette gjorde dem mere attraktive.	Roman women would dilate their pupils with belladonna because they believed this made them more attractive.
Øjenlæger bruger stadig belladonna under øjenundersøgelser.	Eye doctors still use belladonna during eye exams.
Gå til dit værelse og bliv der, indtil jeg beder dig om at komme tilbage.	Go to your room and stay there until I ask for you to come back.
Jeg aner ikke hvem hendes onkel er.	I have no idea who her uncle is.
Hvad betyder "hundeliv"?	What does "dog life" mean?
Hendes onkel døde for fem år siden.	Her uncle passed away five years ago.
Har du 5 øre?	Do you have 5 cents?
Jeg ved ikke om han er yngre eller ældre end mig.	I don't know if he is younger or older than me.
Undskyld mig, stopper bus nummer syv her?	Excuse me, does bus number seven stop here?
Man ved aldrig, hvad der kommer til at ske.	You never know what is going to happen.
Biograf er et af de tre universelle sprog.	Cinema is one of the three universal languages.
De to andre er musik og matematik.	The other two are music and mathematics.
Undskyld mig, hvordan kommer jeg til togstationen?	Excuse me, how can I get to the train station?
Drengen lovede at opføre sig fra nu af.	The boy promised to behave from now on.
Lori bor i Spanien.	Lori lives in Spain.
Kan du give mig tallerkenen med slik?	Could you pass me the plate with the sweets?
Hvad var jeg med dengang?	What was I with then?
Kan du huske?	Do you remember?
En skænk er et langt, lavt, fladt stykke spisestuemøbel, normalt lavet af træ, der bruges til at opbevare porcelæn og sengetøj.	A sideboard is a long, low, flat-topped item of dining room furniture, usually made of wood, used to store china and linens.
Han prøvede ikke at tænke på sine problemer.	He was trying not to think of his problems.
Det er noget, jeg ikke kan lide ved ham.	That's something I don't like in him.
Lad os få te!	Let's get tea!
Jeg er virkelig spændt på, hvilket ansigt du vil lave, når du ser billederne.	I'm really curious as to what face you'll make when you see the photos.
Har du valgt en kjole til lørdag?	Did you choose a dress for Saturday?
Han kan næsten ikke holde øjnene åbne.	He can barely keep his eyes open.
At lære sprog er min interesse.	Learning languages is my avocation.
Jeg får ikke betalt for det.	I don't get paid for it.
Har jeg givet dig en seddel?	Did I give you a note?
Jeg er sikker på, at Tom kan hjælpe os.	I'm sure that Tom can help us.
Læg mærke til tilføjelsen til sidste punkt på første side.	Notice the addendum to the last item on the first page.
Er det sådan!	Is that so!
Vi modtager kun kontanter som betaling.	We accept only cash as payment.
Lad mig besvare det spørgsmål med et modspørgsmål: Hvem bekymrer sig?	Let me answer that question with a counter-question: Who cares?
Hvorfor holder du op med at det er grønt?	Why are you stopping it's green?
Engang havde de hjulpet hinanden.	Once they had helped each other.
Mens jeg elskede ham, elskede han hende.	While I loved him, he loved her.
Det, amerikanerne kalder en bobby pin, kalder briterne et hårgreb.	What the Americans call a bobby pin, the British call a hairgrip.
Vil du have mig til at holde din hånd?	Do you want me to hold your hand?
Jeg har en ven, der ofte rejser uden billet.	I have a friend who frequently travels without a ticket.
Han vil heller ikke tro os.	He won't believe us as well.
Jeg ejer tre kameraer.	I own three cameras.
Min kone kritiserer mig altid.	My wife always critiques me.
Vi underskriver vores dødsdomme.	We are signing our death sentences.
Er det en øjenvipper i min suppe?	Is that an eyelash in my soup?
På grund af ulykken blev han døv.	Because of the accident he became deaf.
Jeg var glad for, at jeg kunne se ham.	I was happy that I could see him.
Spænd klemmen, før du begynder at save.	Tighten the clamp before you start sawing.
Sandsynligheden for, at det nogensinde sker, er meget lille.	The probability of that ever happening is very small.
Jeg vil vædde på, at forsinkelsen vil frustrere hende.	I bet the delay will frustrate her.
Jeg tvivler ikke på, at forsinkelsen vil frustrere hende.	I don't doubt that the delay will frustrate her.
Vi kan lægge på.	We can hang up.
Vi løb tør for artiskokdip.	We ran out of artichoke dip.
Læs det gerne en gang til.	Read it once more please.
Alle pengene tilsammen vil ikke være nok.	All of the money together won't be enough.
Jeg er sikker på, at der er en mere banal forklaring, der ikke involverer spøgelser.	I'm sure there's a more mundane explanation that doesn't involve ghosts.
Jeg venter på det rigtige øjeblik!	I'm waiting for the right moment!
De spiser kød hver uge.	They eat meat every week.
Roomservice er en bekvemmelighed, vi kan leve uden.	Room service is an amenity we can live without.
Vi kan ikke mere!	We can't anymore!
Jeg vil gerne vinde denne gang.	I want to win this time.
Tom mumlede noget.	Tom mumbled something.
Hvem ved, hvilke uenigheder der ligger til grund for denne aftale?	Who knows what disagreements underlie this agreement?
Lad mig vide, hvis du vil blive histrionisk, så jeg kan begynde at lave en video.	Let me know if you're going to get histrionic so I can start making a video.
Du kan forvirre dem med et simpelt spørgsmål.	You can baffle them with a simple question.
Lad være med at brænde maden denne gang.	Please don't burn the food this time.
Jeg kan bedre lide det uden en skarp smag.	I like it better without an acrid taste.
Lad være med at agitere hunden længere.	Don't agitate the dog anymore.
Dingle en snor foran katten for at se, om den sover.	Dangle a string in front of the cat to see whether it's asleep.
Du kan ikke fornærme nogen, der ikke har skam.	You cannot abase someone who has no shame.
Der er intet kort, der kan afgrænse, hvilket land der er vores, og hvilket der er deres.	There is no map that can delineate which land is ours and which is theirs.
Jeg prøver at være roligere i disse dage.	I try to be calmer these days.
Det udbrud var et tilbagefald i min gamle adfærd.	That outburst was a relapse into my old behavior.
Det er utroligt, hvordan et enkelt kompliment kan styrke ens selvtillid så længe.	It's amazing how a single compliment can bolster one's confidence for so long.
Nogle har karakteriseret altruisme som egoisme på andres vegne.	Some have characterized altruism as selfishness on behalf of others.
Hvem skal indkalde til mødet?	Who will convene the meeting?
Krakkeren indeholder kun et gram fedt.	The cracker contains only a gram of fat.
Du virker lidt nervøs i dag.	You seem a bit edgy today.
Er der noget, der generer dig?	Is something bothering you?
Det er et gunstigt tidspunkt at lancere en ny organisation.	It's an auspicious time to launch a new organization.
Vi skal befæste bebyggelsen, før nogen forsøger at angribe den.	We must fortify the settlement before someone tries to attack it.
De vil aldrig give afkald på magten frivilligt.	They will never relinquish power willingly.
Fordelen ved en cardigan er, at du ikke skal trække den over hovedet.	The advantage of a cardigan is that you don't have to pull it over your head.
Hvem udnævnte dig til sandhedens dommer?	Who appointed you as the arbiter of truth?
Du ved aldrig, hvem der kan angribe dig på en mørk gade.	You never know who might accost you on a dark street.
Bønnerne males derefter til en mos.	The beans are then ground into a mash.
Lad os se, hvor meget tid de tildeler dig.	Let's see how much time they allot you.
Det er ikke historiens vigtigste facet.	That's not the most important facet of the tale.
Med den holdning vil du fremmedgøre alle dine potentielle allierede.	With that attitude, you will alienate all of your potential allies.
Hvor er den nærmeste korsvej?	Where's the nearest crossroad?
Kan vi lede vandet over til kanalen?	Can we shunt the water over to the canal?
Min drøm er at studere ungarsk i Budapest.	My dream is to study Hungarian in Budapest.
Vand vil dæmpe signalet.	Water will attenuate the signal.
Du ophæver dit ansvar.	You are abrogating your responsibilities.
Hvor kommer den lækre aroma fra?	Where is that luscious aroma coming from?
Bliv ikke helt sur og klynkende.	Don't get all petulant and whiny.
Mørbraden er skåret af en muskel, der ikke gør meget arbejde, så den er ikke sej.	The tenderloin is cut from a muscle that does not do much work, so it is not tough.
Fortabelse af dine aktiver er det sidste, du bør være bekymret for.	Forfeiture of your assets is the last thing you should be worried about.
Glottis er en del af strubehovedet.	The glottis is part of the larynx.
Jeg tror, ​​det jeg sagde, er korrekt, men jeg kan tage fejl.	I think what I said is correct, but I could be wrong.
Løsrivelse er ikke det eneste politiske redskab til rådighed for staten.	Secession is not the only political tool available to the state.
Hvordan kan jeg forbedre mit fransk?	How can I improve my French?
Mængden af ​​arsen i vandet er minimal, men betydelig.	The amount of arsenic in the water is minuscule but significant.
Hold sand ude af enhver åbning.	Keep sand out of every orifice.
Det faktum, at de er bøjelige, betyder ikke, at de er enige med dig.	The fact that they're pliant does not mean they agree with you.
Denne ændring i designet medfører en dobbelt forbedring af enhedens ydeevne.	This change in the design brings with it a twofold improvement in the performance of the device.
Du kan se køerne vandre gennem græsningen.	You can watch the cows amble through the pasture.
Hvad tid skal jeg være der?	What time should I be there?
Posthuset ligger på den anden side af gaden.	The post office is on the other side of the street.
Tom gemte sig på loftet.	Tom was hiding in the attic.
Giv mig et kilo ferskner.	Give me a kilogram of peaches.
Denne affaldspose indeholder ingen farlige kemikalier.	This trash bag does not contain any dangerous chemicals.
Nej, jeg er Fang Ning.	No, I am Fang Ning.
Kristendommen er en abrahamitisk religion.	Christianity is an Abrahamic religion.
Marys hænder er altid kolde som is.	Mary's hands are always as cold as ice.
Min families kat er ikke bange for mennesker eller insekter, men er bange for unger.	My family's cat is not afraid of people or insects, but is afraid of chicks.
Dette hus er virkelig smukt.	This house is really beautiful.
Du stiller de rigtige spørgsmål.	You ask the right questions.
Hvor længe har du lært koreansk?	How long have you been learning Korean?
Jeg kan ikke se hende nogen steder.	I can't see her anywhere.
Skal du overnatte?	Are you going to stay the night?
Lægen er her ikke endnu.	The doctor isn't here yet.
Indtil da, vent her.	Until then, wait here.
Jeg har lidt feber, det er derfor.	I have a bit of a fever, that's why.
Se, der går en meteor.	Look, there goes a meteor.
Hvornår skal han ringe?	At what time should he ring?
Hvornår skal hun ringe?	At what time should she ring?
Du var heldig den gang, var du ikke?	You were lucky that time, weren’t you?
Du vil ikke være i stand til at gemme dig for politiet for evigt.	You won't be able to hide from the police forever.
Har du altid været sådan?	Were you always like this?
Jeg ønsker dig en sikker rejse.	I wish you a safe journey.
Jeg havde ikke forventet, at du var her.	I wasn't expecting you to be here.
Vi sælger blomster og planter.	We sell flowers and plants.
Den fyr, der taler med Mary, er Tom.	The guy talking to Mary is Tom.
Lad være med at snakke!	Don't chatter!
Jeg skal studere.	I have to study.
De skal ikke på ferie til Paraguay.	They aren't going on holiday to Paraguay.
Du var i Berlin.	You were in Berlin.
Skal de til Italien på ferie?	Are they going to Italy for a holiday?
Der er en telefon på mit værelse.	There's a phone in my room.
Dette kostume passer virkelig til dig.	This costume really suits you.
Skal du ikke på ferie til Rom?	Aren't you going on holiday to Rome?
Mary tog bananen, skrællede dens skind og begyndte at spise den.	Mary took the banana, peeled it's skin and started to eat it.
Jeg beder dig ikke om noget.	I don't ask you for anything.
Børn, vi spiser.	Kids, we're eating.
Børn, vi spiser.	Children, we're eating.
Vi spiser brød.	We are eating bread.
Jeg gik over broen.	I walked across the bridge.
Spørg mig ikke om det mere.	Don't ask me about that anymore.
Alle drengene på holdet fik nye uniformer.	All the boys on the team were given new uniforms.
Jeg kan godt lide frugt og grøntsager fra Ungarn.	I like fruit and vegetables from Hungary.
Tom gemte sig i kælderen.	Tom was hiding in the basement.
Jeg prøvede at finde noget at forsvare mig med.	I tried to find something to defend myself with.
Pigen, der taler med Tom, er Mary.	The girl talking to Tom is Mary.
Hvis du bliver ved med at snige dig som en skildpadde, når vi aldrig målet.	If you keep creeping along like a turtle, we'll never reach the goal.
Jeg blev ved med at klatre opad.	I kept climbing upwards.
Vil det være muligt at nå dertil før mørkets frembrud?	Will it be possible to get there before dark?
Tom svor, at stofferne ikke var hans.	Tom swore the drugs weren't his.
Vi kan tale via Skype.	We can talk via Skype.
Ingen ved, hvad fremtiden bringer.	No one knows what the future holds.
Derfor er mulighederne uendelige.	That's why the possibilities are endless.
Hvordan jet efflux håndteres, bør tages i betragtning, når flyet designes.	How the jet efflux is handled should be taken into consideration when designing the aircraft.
Dyrenes afføring kunne findes over hele jorden.	The animals' faeces could be found all over the ground.
Denne restaurant er ret dyr i forhold til, hvad den har at tilbyde.	This restaurant is quite pricy for what it has to offer.
Jeg var fuld og vidste ikke, hvad jeg lavede.	I was drunk and didn't know what I was doing.
Må jeg gå i bad?	Can I go take a shower?
Han er bedre til matematik end mig.	He is better at math than me.
Garantien varer fem år.	The warranty lasts five years.
Der er et skrivebord i hjørnet af rummet.	There is a desk in the corner of the room.
Hvordan får jeg dig til at være mere opmærksom på mig?	How do I make you pay more attention to me?
Hvor kan jeg købe et kort over Boston?	Where can I buy a map of Boston?
Selvom kinesisk er svært, må jeg fortsætte med at studere det.	Even if Chinese is hard I must continue studying it.
Jeg vil ikke sige, at det er helt sikkert.	I wouldn't say that that's absolutely sure.
Jeg ved ikke, hvordan du ikke hørte ham.	I don't know how you didn't hear him.
Vi var ved at blive modløse.	We were getting discouraged.
Han er fuldstændig skør.	He is completely crazy.
Jeg får to af det hele.	I'll get two of everything.
Han vil helt sikkert blive dømt til døden.	He is going to be sentenced to death for sure.
Vi venter på den nye træner.	We are waiting for the new coach.
Indrøm, at du lige har smidt en masse penge væk.	Admit that you just threw away a lot of money.
Var det en kompliment?	Was that a compliment?
Drengen, der står uden for døren, er min bror.	The boy standing outside the door is my brother.
Fordi det regnede, opgav vi ideen om en gåtur.	Because it was raining we gave up on the idea for a walk.
Skynde sig!	Hurry!
Toget ankommer om kun tredive minutter.	The train arrives in just thirty minutes.
Hvis du er træt, gå i seng.	If you are tired go to sleep.
Han blev fjernet fra holdet, fordi han tog stoffer.	He was removed from the team because he was taking drugs.
På det seneste snakker du bare noget sludder.	Lately you just talk nonsense.
Er det meget traumatiserende?	Is it very traumatising?
Under de nuværende omstændigheder kan vi ikke sige "nej".	Under the current circumstances we cannot say "no".
Jeg kan ikke lide at tale dårligt om andre.	I don't like to speak ill of others.
Min drøm er at studere mandarin-kinesisk i Beijing.	My dream is to study Mandarin Chinese in Beijing.
Min drøm er at studere mandarin i Beijing.	My dream is to study Mandarin in Beijing.
Jeg tror, ​​jeg måske har brug for det, men jeg ved det ikke.	I think I might need that, but I don't know.
Tom har bedt om ikke at blive forstyrret.	Tom has asked not to be disturbed.
Fængslet tog hårdt på hende.	Prison took a heavy toll on her.
Jeg kom her for at finde svar på mine spørgsmål.	I came here to find answers to my questions.
Der er omkring tredive mennesker her.	There are about thirty people here.
Vi kunne ikke finde et sted at parkere i nærheden her.	We couldn't find a place to park near here.
Hvor kan jeg købe et kort over Australien?	Where can I buy a map of Australia?
Kan du se broen fra hvor du er?	Can you see the bridge from where you are?
Der var omkring tredive mennesker der.	There were about thirty people there.
Der er flere kirker i nærheden af ​​mit hus.	There are several churches near my house.
Tom svor, at stofferne ikke var hans.	Tom swore that the drugs weren't his.
Det er bedre at være en levende røv end en død læge.	It's better to be a living ass than a dead doctor.
Det er ikke nemt at finde tid, der passer begge.	It is not easy to find time that suits both.
Jeg er meget nysgerrig efter hvorfor det skete.	I'm very curious about why that happened.
Tom bor omkring tre timer herfra.	Tom lives about three hours from here.
Jeg vil gerne lære græsk.	I want to learn Greek.
Jeg ledte efter et stykke papir og en kuglepen.	I looked for a piece of paper and a pen.
Jeg har læst bogen, Tom talte om.	I've read the book Tom was talking about.
Jeg trak min pistol frem og begyndte at skyde.	I pulled out my gun and began shooting.
Der var omkring tredive mennesker her tidligere.	There were about thirty people here earlier.
Dragen undslap.	The dragon escaped.
Maria gik for at møde en læge.	Maria went to meet a doctor.
Djævelen undslap.	The devil escaped.
Dæmonen undslap.	The demon escaped.
Blev du forkølet?	Did you catch a cold?
Jeg har ikke læst nogen af ​​disse bøger.	I haven't read either of these books.
Tom vil gøre det, medmindre du stopper ham.	Tom is going to do that unless you stop him.
Kan du sende billedet, der blev taget i går?	Could you send the photo that was taken yesterday?
Der skete et uheld i krydset.	An accident happened in the intersection.
En wienschnitzel, tak.	A Vienna schnitzel, please.
Jeg plejer at stå op klokken 8.00.	I usually get up at 8:00.
Jeg var i stand til at hoppe over grøften.	I was able to jump across the ditch.
Tom kiggede udenfor for at se, hvad der foregik.	Tom looked outside to see what was going on.
Hvordan har din far det på det seneste?	How is your father doing lately?
Hvordan har din far det i disse dage?	How is your father doing these days?
Denne bog har en masse illustrationer.	This book has a lot of illustrations.
Jeg har allerede ringet til en taxa for dig.	I've already called a taxi for you.
Tom er vild med musik.	Tom is crazy about music.
Tom kiggede udenfor for at se, hvad der skete.	Tom looked outside to see what was happening.
Mit hår er vokset.	My hair has grown.
Mary sagde, at hun kunne lide regnen.	메리는 비가 오는 것을 좋아한다고 말했어요.
Du kom i det helt rigtige øjeblik.	You came at just the right moment.
Tom er den person, der faktisk trykkede på aftrækkeren.	Tom is the person who actually pulled the trigger.
Det er ikke en hest.	That's not a horse.
Det er et æsel.	It's a donkey.
Tom skulle rejse til Australien på mandag.	Tom was supposed to leave for Australia on Monday.
Jeg vil gerne have noget koldt at drikke.	I'd like something cold to drink.
Tom spekulerede på, hvordan livet ville være i Australien.	Tom wondered what life would be like in Australia.
Jeg ville blive imponeret, hvis du gjorde det.	I'd be impressed if you did that.
Tom er hjemme i Boston og bor hos sine forældre.	Tom is back home in Boston living with his parents.
Det burde jeg snart kunne få rettet.	I should be able to get that fixed soon.
Du kommer på det helt rigtige tidspunkt.	You are coming at just the right moment.
Jeg burde have været mere støttende.	I should've been more supportive.
Tom er hjemme og bor hos sine forældre i Boston.	Tom is back home living with his parents in Boston.
Det burde jeg skrive en sang om.	I should write a song about that.
Tom er fra en lille by omkring tre timer herfra.	Tom is from small town about three hours from here.
Jeg hørte nogle børn synge en sang.	I heard some kids singing a song.
Tom er den person, der faktisk trykkede på aftrækkeren.	Tom is the person that actually pulled the trigger.
Om morgenen er der mange mennesker på banegården.	In the morning, there are a lot of people at the railway station.
Et tog kommer fra landsbyen.	A train is coming from the village.
Jeg synes, at prisen er rimelig.	I think that the price is reasonable.
Synes du, jeg skal være bekymret?	Do you think I should be worried?
Tom kiggede ud af vinduet for at se, hvad der foregik.	Tom looked out the window to see what was going on.
Det har regnet kraftigt i to dage.	It has been raining heavily for two days.
Petra er en ung butiksassistent.	Petra is a young shop assistant.
Jeg blev forelsket i Claire.	I fell in love with Clarie.
Jeg skal af sted nu, men jeg kommer snart tilbage.	I must leave now, but I will come back soon.
Det ville du sikkert nyde at gøre.	You'd probably enjoy doing that.
Tom blev dømt for mord og dømt til døden.	Tom was convicted of murder and sentenced to death.
Klokken ti om aftenen sover jeg allerede.	At ten o'clock in the evening I'm already asleep.
Du skal have mod på alt i livet.	You must have courage for everything in life.
Alt om det.	Everything on that.
Stop!	Stop!
Jeg orker ikke mere!	I can't take it anymore!
Hun går i biografen hver onsdag.	She goes to the cinema every Wednesday.
Jeg vil have orange bomuldsbukser.	I want orange cotton pants.
Hvornår kan jeg komme til dig?	When can I come to you?
Vi er ikke i nogen fare, vel?	We're not in any danger, are we?
Så skal de ikke træne.	They don't have to train then.
Han kan ændre mening.	He can change his opinion.
Hun kan ændre mening.	She can change her opinion.
Er de samme race?	Are they the same breed?
Tom kommer ikke tilbage til Boston før efter jul.	Tom won't get back to Boston until after Christmas.
I hr. Katos klasse er der fyrre drenge og piger.	In Mr. Kato's class there are forty boys and girls.
Alt er godt, når det ender godt.	Everything is good when it ends good.
Så du Toms nye klip?	Did you watch Tom's new clip?
At rejse med tog er billigere, mere miljøvenligt, du kan møde tusindvis af mennesker, du kan gå på toilettet uden at afbryde din rejse, du kan strække dig eller rejse dig og gå rundt, du kan også passe på dine egne ting.	To travel by train is cheaper, more Eco-friendly, you can meet thousands of people, you can go to the toilet without interrupting your travel, you can stretch or stand up and walk around, you can also mind your own stuff.
Hun er anderledes end sin tvilling.	She is different from her twin.
Hvilken idiot.	What an idiot.
De er studerende ved Bologna Universitet.	They are students at the Bologna University.
Vil du have mig til at synge en vuggevise for dig.	Do you want me to sing you a lullaby.
Jeg havde mistanke om noget lignende.	I was suspecting something similar.
Som altid gik han på arbejde uden at barbere sig.	As always, he went to work without shaving.
Jeg tager to af det hele.	I'll take two of everything.
Undskyld mig, kan du venligst vise mig, hvordan jeg validerer mit kort?	Excuse me, could you please show me how to validate my card?
Og hvad så du?	And what did you see?
Hvor meget vil det nogenlunde koste mig at komme til lufthavnen herfra.	How much is it going to roughly cost me to get to the airport from here.
Vi havde allerede besluttet, ikke?	We had already decided, right?
Med alle de forkerte toner kunne han have spillet en ny koncert.	With all of the wrong notes he could've played a new concert.
Han var død på stedet.	He had died on the spot.
Jeg købte en laserpointer til præsentationen.	I bought a laser pointer for the presentation.
Hvad kalder nære mennesker dig?	What do close people call you?
Smid ikke det blad væk.	Don't throw away that magazine.
Jeg har ikke læst den endnu.	I haven't read it yet.
De har ikke mistanke om noget.	They don't suspect anything.
I Kina siger man, at man ikke skal dømme en person ud fra deres udseende.	In China they say that you shouldn't judge a person by their appearance.
Jeg har ikke set denne slags plante før.	I haven't seen this kind of plant before.
De siger, han var millionær.	They say he was a millionaire.
Jeg er for doven til at rejse.	I'm too lazy to travel.
Du kan sidde foran eller ved siden af ​​Paul.	You can sit in front of or next to Paul.
Jeg vil ikke købe det, da det ikke imponerer mig.	I won't buy it since it doesn't impress me.
Pas på ikke at sige noget dumt.	Watch out not to say something stupid.
På trods af alle reparationerne ville maskinen ikke fungere problemfrit.	Despite all of the repairs the machine wouldn't function smoothly.
Hun er hans fuldstændige modsætning.	She is his complete opposite.
Internetforbindelsen stopper bare og kommer så tilbage.	The internet connection just stops and then comes back.
Vi er ikke vant til at vente.	We're not accustomed to waiting.
Tom sneg sig ind i køkkenet og fik noget at spise.	Tom snuck into the kitchen and got something to eat.
Hvordan er brødet?	How's the bread?
Jeg ville af sted om morgenen.	I wanted to leave in the morning.
Du har været en stor hjælp for os.	You've been a great help to us.
Det var tydeligt for alle, at Tom ikke ønskede at være der.	It was obvious to everyone Tom didn't want to be there.
Købte han mange gaver til sin familie?	Did he buy a lot of presents for his family?
Hvor blev den smukke pige af?	Where did the beautiful girl go?
Gad vide om jeg vil se hende igen.	I wonder if I will see her again.
Lad os gøre det et skridt ad gangen.	Let's do it one step at a time.
Tom er ude at shoppe nu, men han er tilbage omkring 2:30.	Tom is out shopping now, but he'll be back around 2:30.
Jeg løber så hurtigt jeg kan for at indhente ham.	I'm running as fast as I can to catch up with him.
Jeg har besluttet at studere medicin.	I've decided to study medicine.
Tom skulle være tilbage fra Australien om en uge fra i dag.	Tom should be back from Australia a week from today.
Jeg har læst begge disse bøger.	I've read both of these books.
Tom var stadig i sin pyjamas, da han åbnede døren.	Tom was still in his pajamas when he answered the door.
Seksuel vold og massevoldtægt har længe været brugt som et krigsvåben.	Sexual violence and mass rape have long been used as a weapon of war.
Det er ikke kun ofrene og de overlevende, der lider af traumer – en hel generation af mænd, kvinder og børn er ramt.	It is not only the victims and survivors who suffer trauma - an entire generation of men, women and children are affected.
Alt for ofte forbliver gerningsmændene ustraffede.	All too often, the perpetrators remain unpunished.
Du skal øve dig mere.	You need to practice more.
Tom kommer tilbage fra Australien om tre uger fra i dag.	Tom will be back from Australia three weeks from today.
Jeg er ikke involveret.	I'm not involved.
Det er faktisk ikke sandt.	Actually, that's not true.
Det var tydeligt for alle, at Tom ikke ønskede at være der.	It was obvious to everybody Tom didn't want to be there.
Jeg kan ikke finde lighteren.	I can't find the lighter.
Det er faktisk ikke sandt.	Actually, that isn't true.
Det var tydeligt for alle, at Tom ikke ønskede at være der.	It was obvious to everyone that Tom didn't want to be there.
Min drøm er at studere jiddisch i Vilnius.	My dream is to study Yiddish in Vilnius.
Min drøm er at studere jiddisch i New York.	My dream is to study Yiddish in New York.
Der er forskellige måder at måle niveauer af færdigheder i et sprog på.	There are different ways of measuring levels of proficiency in a language.
Det er lige begyndt at sne.	It's just started to snow.
Det var tydeligt for alle, at Tom ikke ønskede at være der.	It was obvious to everybody that Tom didn't want to be there.
Hvad skal vi gøre?	What'll we have to do?
Tom har aldrig haft de sokker på, som jeg gav ham til jul.	Tom has never worn the socks that I gave him for Christmas.
Ingen er uden skyld.	No one is without fault.
<String key="msgTutorial_02" val="Når Rick tager skade, bliver dele af hans krop ødelagt.	<String key="msgTutorial_02" val="When Rick takes damage, parts of his body are destroyed.
Maskens kraft vil langsomt regenerere de tabte kropsdele."/>	The power of the mask will slowly regenerate those lost body parts."/>
Hvad skal jeg gøre?	What'll I have to do?
Tom planlægger at bo på et hotel ikke så langt fra lufthavnen.	Tom is planning to stay at a hotel not too far from the airport.
Jeg hørte ikke en lyd.	I didn't hear a sound.
Jeg tror, ​​at det, Tom laver, nok ikke er en god ting at gøre.	I think what Tom is doing is probably not a good thing to be doing.
Ringer du nogensinde til dem?	Do you ever call them?
Ringer du nogensinde til ham?	Do you ever call him?
Ringer du nogensinde til hende?	Do you ever call her?
De gav mig et lift, hvilket sparede mig for meget tid.	They gave me a lift, which saved me a lot of time.
Det her er lidt beskidt.	This is a little dirty.
Intet menneske er fri for synd.	No man is free from sin.
Tom bor mindre end tredive minutter væk fra hvor han arbejder.	Tom lives less than thirty minutes away from where he works.
Jeg gør, hvad jeg synes er rigtigt.	I'll do what I think is right.
Tom gjorde ikke præcis, hvad han sagde, han ville gøre.	Tom didn't do exactly what he said he was going to do.
Vi er nødt til at tale, Tom.	We need to talk, Tom.
Jeg har aldrig kunnet forstå glæden ved at se fodbold, haha.	I have never been able to understand the joy of watching soccer, haha.
Min drøm er at studere bengali i Kolkata.	My dream is to study Bengali in Kolkata.
Min drøm er at studere bengali i Dhaka.	My dream is to study Bengali in Dhaka.
Katten varmer mine fødder.	The cat warms my feet.
Jeg skal tage eksamen i år.	I'm going to graduate this year.
Jeg har mødt Toms søster, men jeg har ikke mødt hans brødre.	I've met Tom's sister, but I haven't met his brothers.
Min drøm er at studere singalesisk i Kotte.	My dream is to study Sinhala in Kotte.
Min drøm er at studere thai i Bangkok.	My dream is to study Thai in Bangkok.
Min drøm er at studere Bangla i Kolkata.	My dream is to study Bangla in Kolkata.
Min drøm er at studere Bangla i Dhaka.	My dream is to study Bangla in Dhaka.
Min drøm er at studere uigurisk i Ürümqi.	My dream is to study Uyghur in Ürümqi.
Min drøm er at studere kurdisk i Amed.	My dream is to study Kurdish in Amed.
Vi betalte hver fem tusinde.	We each paid five thousand.
Skæbnen er nogle gange grusom.	Fate is sometimes cruel.
Vil du have en taske?	Would you like a bag?
Overtænk det ikke!	Don't overthink it!
Pas på ikke at vække Tom.	Watch out not to wake up Tom.
Min drøm er at studere tibetansk i Lhasa.	My dream is to study Tibetan in Lhasa.
De går og leder efter mad i skraldet.	They go and search for food in the garbage.
Han løber hurtigt!	He runs fast!
Min drøm er at studere Shanghainese i Shanghai.	My dream is to study Shanghainese in Shanghai.
Min drøm er at studere kantonesisk i Hong Kong.	My dream is to study Cantonese in Hong Kong.
Er vores gæster fra England ankommet endnu?	Have our guests from England arrived yet?
Min drøm er at studere Kannada i Mysore.	My dream is to study Kannada in Mysore.
Min drøm er at studere malayalam i Thiruvananthapuram.	My dream is to study Malayalam in Thiruvananthapuram.
Mælkevejen er et meget stort bælte af fjerne stjerner ligesom vores sol.	The Milky Way is a very big belt of far away stars just like our Sun.
Min drøm er at studere tamil i Chennai.	My dream is to study Tamil in Chennai.
Min drøm er at studere Kannada i Mysuru.	My dream is to study Kannada in Mysuru.
Jeg er glad for, at jeg ikke er den eneste, der synes det.	I'm happy that I'm not the only one who thinks that.
Og vigtigst af alt skal I hjælpe hinanden.	And most importantly, you must help each other.
Min drøm er at studere kantonesisk i Guangzhou.	My dream is to study Cantonese in Guangzhou.
Godt arbejde!	Good job!
Du har lige ødelagt flashdrevet.	You just ruined the flash drive.
Min drøm er at studere Kannada i Bengaluru.	My dream is to study Kannada in Bengaluru.
Min drøm er at studere hindi i Delhi.	My dream is to study Hindi in Delhi.
Min drøm er at studere Kannada i Bangalore.	My dream is to study Kannada in Bangalore.
Jeg er bekymret for, at det vil regne i morgen.	I'm worried that it will rain tomorrow.
Hans joke fik hele klassen til at bryde ud i grin.	His joke made the whole class burst out laughing.
Min drøm er at studere kantonesisk i Canton.	My dream is to study Cantonese in Canton.
Hun havde trillinger.	She had triplets.
Jeg håber du vil kunne lide vinen.	I hope you will like the wine.
Godaften Chicago.	Good evening Chicago.
Min drøm er at studere Telugu i Hyderabad.	My dream is to study Telugu in Hyderabad.
Jeg har det godt efter øvelserne.	I feel good after the exercises.
Jeg undgår at rejse med bussen.	I avoid traveling with the coach.
Min drøm er at studere vietnamesisk i Hanoi.	My dream is to study Vietnamese in Hanoi.
På afstand kunne hyl fra en hund høres.	From the distance the howl of a dog could be heard.
Vi så tvillingerne i går.	We saw the twins yesterday.
Mit navn er Stanislava, men mine venner og familie kalder mig Stacy.	My name is Stanislava but my friends and family call me Stacy.
Alt er styret af penge i denne verden.	Everything is ruled by money in this world.
Jeg elsker udstoppet legetøj.	I love stuffed toys.
Nu er det her noget andet!	Now this is something else!
Min drøm er at studere Ladino i Istanbul.	My dream is to study Ladino in Istanbul.
Forsøg ikke at komme ind, før de andre er kommet ud.	Don't try to get in before the others have gotten out.
Min drøm er at studere Ladino i Jerusalem.	My dream is to study Ladino in Jerusalem.
Du kunne have sagt hej.	You could've said a hi.
Det er svært for mig at klare alting alene.	It's hard for me to deal with everything by myself.
Min drøm er at studere jiddisch i Montreal.	My dream is to study Yiddish in Montreal.
Denne pengeseddel er beskidt, jeg vil ikke have den.	This banknote is dirty, I don't want it.
Min drøm er at studere fransk i Montreal.	My dream is to study French in Montreal.
Jeg er fortabt.	I'm lost.
Kan du hjælpe mig?	Can you help me?
Skræmmer ærede mennesker de andre?	Do honourable people scare the others?
Jeg er i gang med det samme!	I'm on it right away!
Det lod mig ikke åbne denne video.	It didn't let me open this video.
Min drøm er at studere jiddisch i Kraków.	My dream is to study Yiddish in Kraków.
Mennesker kan kun være lykkelige, hvis lykke ikke er deres mål i livet.	People can be happy only if happiness isn't their goal in life.
Jeg har ikke hørt noget fra hende endnu.	I haven't heard anything from her yet.
Denne nederdel passer til dig.	This skirt suits you.
Spis ikke for meget!	Don't eat too much!
Min drøm er at studere burmesisk i Yangon.	My dream is to study Burmese in Yangon.
Hvor kan jeg købe billetter til metroen?	Where can I buy tickets for the metro?
Jeg er blevet anholdt flere gange.	I've been arrested several times.
Hans hår er langt.	His hair is long.
Du reder aldrig din seng.	You never make your bed.
Du kunne have hilst på mig!	You could've greeted me!
Mennesker er sociale dyr.	Humans are social animals.
Hjælp os med at holde det sådan.	Help us keep it that way.
Hvad er der gjort indtil nu?	What has be done until now?
Tom gør noget, han ikke burde gøre.	Tom is doing something he isn't supposed to be doing.
Min drøm er at studere argentinsk spansk i Berlin.	My dream is to study Argentinian Spanish in Berlin.
Min drøm er at studere britisk engelsk i New York.	My dream is to study British English in New York.
Min drøm er at studere australsk engelsk i Wien.	My dream is to study Australian English in Vienna.
Min drøm er at studere østrigsk tysk i Sydney.	My dream is to study Austrian German in Sydney.
Min drøm er at studere Yakut i Yakutsk.	My dream is to study Yakut in Yakutsk.
Min drøm er at studere engelsk i British Columbia.	My dream is to study English in British Columbia.
Min drøm er at studere Klingon på Kronos.	My dream is to study Klingon on Kronos.
Gå ind i klubben.	Enter the club.
Min drøm er at studere Klingon på Qo'noS.	My dream is to study Klingon on Qo'noS.
Har du ikke en killing?	You don't have a kitten?
Det ved kun Gud.	God only knows.
Min drøm er at studere fransk i Genève.	My dream is to study French in Geneva.
Hvad med lidt kaffe?	How about a little coffee?
Jeg forstår ikke grunden.	I don't understand the reason.
Jeg skriver kanji.	I write kanji.
Der er mennesker i skolen.	There are people at school.
Min drøm er at studere portugisisk i Brasília.	My dream is to study Portuguese in Brasília.
Læreren underviser ikke.	The teacher doesn't teach.
Jeg kommer ti minutter mere for sent.	I'll be late by ten more minutes.
Min drøm er at studere Quenya i Tirion.	My dream is to study Quenya in Tirion.
Min drøm er at studere sindarin i Rivendell.	My dream is to study Sindarin in Rivendell.
Min drøm er at studere sindarin i Lothlórien.	My dream is to study Sindarin in Lothlórien.
Min drøm er at studere Quenya i Alqualondë.	My dream is to study Quenya in Alqualondë.
Jeg er ikke 150 cm.	I'm not 150 cm.
Jeg er klar over sådanne ting.	I'm aware of such things.
Ude af min kontrol.	Out of my control.
Jeg har sovet i garagen.	I've been sleeping in the garage.
Tom fylder tredive år om tre måneder.	Tom is going to be thirty years old in three months.
Min drøm er at studere engelsk i Vancouver.	My dream is to study English in Vancouver.
Min drøm er at studere taiwansk mandarin i Taipei.	My dream is to study Taiwanese Mandarin in Taipei.
Min drøm er at studere koreansk i Pyongyang.	My dream is to study Korean in Pyongyang.
Jeg vil brænde alle disse bøger.	I'm going to burn all these books.
Tom gjorde det endelig færdig i går aftes.	Tom finally finished doing that yesterday evening.
Min drøm er at studere taiwansk Hokkien i Taipei.	My dream is to study Taiwanese Hokkien in Taipei.
Min drøm er at studere taiwansk i Taipei.	My dream is to study Taiwanese in Taipei.
Min drøm er at studere Atayal i Wulai.	My dream is to study Atayal in Wulai.
Jeg har prøvet hårdt på at være stille.	I've been trying hard to be quiet.
Jeg kan forestille mig!	I can imagine!
Goddag frøken!	Good day Miss!
Jeg benyttede lejligheden til at besøge museet.	I took advantage of the opportunity to visit the museum.
Jeg vil gerne reservere en plads.	I would like to reserve a seat.
Mit mål er at skrive en villanelle og frigøre mit højre øre.	My goal is to write a villanelle and unclog my right ear.
Perforer din billet.	Perforate your ticket.
Jeg har aftalt at tage på date med Toms søster.	I've agreed to go on a date with Tom's sister.
Han brugte sin tid på at skrive bøger, og når han manglede motivation, læste han.	He spent his time writing books and when he lacked motivation he read.
Du kører til London.	You are driving to London.
Manga-illustrationer er smukke.	Manga illustrations are pretty.
"Nyd dit måltid!"	"Enjoy your meal!"
"Også dig!"	"You too!"
Jeg vil tænke over det her.	I'll think about this.
Er det en ny slags?	Is it a new kind?
Der er en hvid due på taget.	There is a white pigeon on the roof.
Jeg er uenig.	I disagree.
Jeg tror ikke, at brugen af ​​ordet "race" er racistisk.	I don't think the usage of the word "race" is racist.
Bien summer.	The bee is buzzing.
Den mistænkte måtte lægge alle sine ejendele på bordet.	The suspect had to place all of his possessions on the table.
Han spiser altid morgenmad alene.	He always eats breakfast alone.
Jeg holdt op med at tale med Tom for tre uger siden.	I stopped speaking with Tom three weeks ago.
Denne hund er træt af at bide min arm.	This dog tired to bite my arm.
Jeg ved ikke, hvordan jeg skal tage det her.	I don't know how to take this.
Som en kompliment eller som en fornærmelse.	As a compliment or as an insult.
Vi kan klare os uden dette.	We can pass without this.
Vi kan passere uden hende.	We can pass without her.
Jeg vil ikke glemme at informere dig om udviklingen af ​​processen.	I won't forget to inform you on the development of the process.
Tæl mig ikke!	Don't count me!
Det lykkes os ikke i aften.	We won't succeed tonight.
Jeg har taget mit jakkesæt på den forkerte måde.	I have put on my suit the wrong way.
Alle holder fast i deres stol.	Everyone is holding onto their chair.
Det er vigtigt, at du svarer.	It's important that you answer.
Chaufføren havde ingen billetter.	The driver didn't have any tickets.
Vi er racen, der fortjener at dø!	We are the race that deserves to die!
Hun snakkede hele tiden.	She was talking the whole time.
Ivan kommer hjem sidst hver aften.	Ivan comes home last every night.
Jeg vil sidde på de forreste rækker.	I want to sit at the front rows.
Send det til min e-mail.	Send it to my e-mail.
Der er kun fem minutter tilbage.	There are only five minutes left.
Skynd dig, ellers kommer vi for sent.	Hurry up or we'll be late.
Efter så mange år er det næsten umuligt at genkende ham.	After so many years it's almost impossible to recognise him.
Jeg vil gerne opgive dig.	I want to give up on you.
Det er umuligt at tilfredsstille alle.	It's is impossible to satisfy everyone.
Slukkede du for fjernsynet?	Did you turn off the TV?
Tror du, at denne hund er smart?	Do you think that this dog is smart?
Min bedstemor drikker ikke vand.	My grandmother doesn't drink water.
Må jeg bruge din mobiltelefon?	Can I use your cellphone?
Barnet, der spiller klaver, er min datter.	The child playing the piano is my daughter.
De kan ikke lide denne bog.	They don't like this book.
Jeg ville foretrække det andet.	I would prefer the second.
Der er over halvtreds tusinde bind i dette bibliotek.	There are over fifty thousand volumes in this library.
Lad os gå tilbage og sige farvel til ham.	Let's go back and tell him goodbye.
Dette er en bog om barokken.	This is a book about the Baroque.
Undskyld mig, går du af?	Excuse me, are you getting off?
Det er meget svært for mig at tro på dette.	It's very hard for me to believe this.
Vi har gjort det længe nok.	We've been doing this long enough.
Jeg har undervist i fransk i over 30 år.	I've been teaching French for over 30 years.
Det syntes jeg var lidt pinligt.	I found that somewhat embarrassing.
Jeg tror, ​​du kan overtale Tom fra at gøre det.	I think you can talk Tom out of doing that.
Drømme er gratis.	Dreams are free.
Jeg skal arbejde en ekstra vagt i dag.	I need to work an extra shift today.
Jeg har været single i de sidste tre år.	I've been single for the last three years.
Jeg har arbejdet der i et stykke tid.	I've been working there for a while.
Jeg har passet godt på Toms hund.	I've been taking good care of Tom's dog.
Jeg var træt, så jeg gik direkte i seng.	I was tired so I went straight to bed.
Herren Gro dækkede sit ansigt med sin kappe og græd over at høre og se den guddommelige Pavane; thi da Spøgelser rejste sig, rejste det ham gamle lykkelige halvglemte Dage i Goblinland, før han havde sammensværget sig mod Kong Gaslark og bleven fordrevet fra sit kære Fædreland, en Landflygtighed i det vandrige Hekseland.	The Lord Gro covered his face with his mantle and wept to hear and behold the divine Pavane; for as ghosts rearisen it raised up for him old happy half-forgotten days in Goblinland, before he had conspired against King Gaslark and been driven forth from his dear native land, an exile in waterish Witchland.
Lord Juss sad på højsædet midt på podiet, med Goldry på sin højre side i sædet af sort opal, og på sin venstre side Spitfire, der tronede på alexandriten.	Lord Juss sat in the high seat midmost of the dais, with Goldry on his right in the seat of black opal, and on his left Spitfire, throned on the alexandrite.
På pallen sad de andre herrer i Dæmonland ligeledes, og gæsterne af lavere grad myldrede bænkene og de polerede borde, mens de brede døre åbnede sig på deres sølvhængsler, og ambassadøren med pomp og ceremoni gik op ad det skinnende gulv af marmor og grønt. turmalin.	On the dais sat likewise those other lords of Demonland, and the guests of lower degree thronged the benches and the polished tables as the wide doors opened on their silver hinges, and the Ambassador with pomp and ceremony paced up the shining floor of marble and green tourmaline.
Så de satte sig, og aftensmaden blev stillet for dem: børn fyldt med valnødder og mandler og pistacienødder; hejrer i sauce cameline; kines af oksekød; gæs og bustards; og store bægre og glas med rubinhjertet vin.	So they took their seats, and supper was set before them: kids stuffed with walnuts and almonds and pistachios; herons in sauce cameline; chines of beef; geese and bustards; and great beakers and jars of ruby-hearted wine.
Corinius og hans folk var ret beundrede af det gode gæstebud, og der var stilhed i salen et stykke tid, bortset fra tallerkenens klapren og festens mund.	Right fain of the good banquet were Corinius and his folk, and silence was in the hall for awhile save for the clatter of dishes and the champing of the mouths of the feasters.
Jeg kan huske, at min mor slog mig meget.	I remember my mother spanking me a lot.
Jeg har været i Australien i lang tid.	I've been in Australia for a long time.
Privat browsing er en vigtig mulighed for browsere.	Private browsing is an essential option for browsers.
Privat browsing er kun en del af forsvaret mod ondsindede websteder, der krænker privatlivets fred.	Private browsing is only one part of defending against malicious privacy-invading websites.
Det internationale proletariat skal aktivt kæmpe for at afskaffe politistyrker.	The international proletariat must actively fight to abolish police forces.
Windows er en meget brugt tracker.	Windows is a widely-used tracker.
Google er en enorm tracker.	Google is an enormous tracker.
Den værste tracker er den slags, der anses for normal.	The worst tracker is the kind that is considered normal.
Personlige oplysninger er bedst beskyttet, når de ikke deles.	Personal information is best protected when it is not shared.
Puha!	Whew!
Denne bakke er svær.	This hill is difficult.
Men det vil være nemt at vende tilbage.	But going back will be easy.
Jeg er ved at dø af rygsmerter.	I’m dying of back pain.
Når du kommer til Rio, vil jeg vise dig hele byen.	When you come to Rio, I will show you the whole city.
Jeg vil gerne lære så mange sprog som muligt.	I want to learn as many languages as possible.
Der er intet rindende vand.	There's no running water.
Det er en kæmpe fornøjelse for mig at være her sammen med jer alle.	It’s a huge pleasure for me to be here with all of you.
Du er yndig!	You are adorable!
Du er yndig!	You're adorable!
Jeg tror, ​​det ville være forkert at gøre det.	I think that doing that would be wrong.
Det var ikke mig, der slog Toms hund ihjel.	I wasn't the one who killed Tom's dog.
Jeg var træt og havde ikke andet at lave.	I was tired and had nothing else to do.
Jeg troede, at Tom vidste det allerede.	I thought that Tom knew that already.
Jeg lavede noget at spise.	I fixed something to eat.
Der er en smule sandhed i det han siger.	There's a bit of truth in what he's saying.
Min drøm er at studere Guarani i Asunción.	My dream is to study Guarani in Asunción.
Jeg hørte et fransk cover af denne sang.	I heard a French cover of this song.
Hvor mange nevøer har du, hvis jeg må spørge?	How many nephews do you have, if I may ask?
Jeg har fem hundrede og femoghalvtreds dollars endnu.	I have five hundred fifty-five dollars yet.
Symbolet "&" betyder "og".	The symbol "&" means "and".
Jeg har beskæftiget mig med det her i måneder.	I've been dealing with this for months.
Jeg er meget glad for at være her i Boston.	I'm very happy to be here in Boston.
Jeg ville købe frokost til dig, hvis jeg havde penge nok.	I'd buy you lunch if I had enough money.
Jeg vil ikke betale Tom for at gøre det.	I'm not going to pay Tom to do that.
Jeg vil være ind og ud af mit kontor hele dagen.	I'll be in and out of my office all day.
Jeg tror, ​​du kan tale Tom fra det.	I think you can talk Tom out of it.
Jeg er måske den eneste person, der kan gøre dette.	I may be the only person who can do this.
Jeg så Tom i centrum i eftermiddags.	I saw Tom downtown this afternoon.
Jeg prøver ikke at trække en hurtig en på dig.	I'm not trying to pull a fast one on you.
Jeg tror, ​​du er i vejen for Tom.	I think that you're in Tom's way.
Jeg har tænkt på at barbere mit hoved.	I've been thinking about shaving my head.
Jeg er ikke Toms mor.	I'm not Tom's mom.
Jeg er hans tante.	I'm his aunt.
Jeg fortæller altid mine elever, at de skal studere hårdere.	I always tell my students to study harder.
Jeg betaler Tom i morgen eftermiddag.	I'll pay Tom tomorrow afternoon.
Jeg tager det fulde ansvar for mine handlinger.	I take full responsibility for my actions.
Jeg troede, at Tom vidste det allerede.	I thought Tom knew that already.
Jeg fortalte manden bag disken mit navn.	I told the man behind the counter my name.
Jeg købte et par drinks til Tom.	I bought Tom a couple of drinks.
Jeg kan godt lide denne Pokémon.	I like this Pokémon.
Jeg er sikker på, at jeg ikke længere behøver at gøre det.	I'm sure that I no longer need to do that.
Jeg har aldrig redet på Toms hest.	I've never ridden Tom's horse.
En ny kinesisk restaurant blev åbnet på hjørnet.	A new Chinese restaurant was opened on the corner.
Hvad kom først - ægget eller hønen?	Which came first - the egg or the chicken?
Han har meget tynde læber.	He has very thin lips.
Jeg bor et meget bekvemt sted.	I live in a very convenient spot.
Det er ikke langt væk fra butikkerne, og jeg kan shoppe hver dag.	It's not far away from the stores and I can go shopping every day.
Dovenskab er det, der driver fremskridt.	Laziness is what drives progress.
Jeg ved det ikke.	Well I don't know.
Hvis du vil blive stærkere, spis spinat.	If you want to become stronger eat spinach.
Afbryd venligst ikke!	Please don't interrupt!
Det har jeg gjort i meget lang tid.	I've been doing this for a very long time.
Martina elskede virkelig dukker.	Martina really loved dolls.
Undskyld min dårlige opførsel.	Sorry for my bad behaviour.
Jeg har ikke brug for en lærebog i bulgarsk sprog.	I don't need a textbook on Bulgarian language.
Hvilken terminal kører denne bus igennem?	What terminal does this bus go through?
Jeg gav Tom en skål varm suppe.	I gave Tom a bowl of hot soup.
Hvad vil de have af hende?	What do they want from her?
Skal jeg sende det til din e-mail?	Should I send it to your email?
Han blev bidt i nakken, men ingen lagde mærke til det.	He was bitten on the neck but no one noticed.
Jeg har brug for den bulgarske lærebog, medbragte du den?	I need the Bulgarian textbook did you bring it?
Han løb så hurtigt, at han løb forpustet.	He was running so fast he ran out of breath.
Jeg skal snart ud og se Ana.	I'm going out to see Ana soon.
Det er vigtigt at blive ved med at træne.	It's important to keep training.
Indkørsel af køretøjer bør være tilladt.	The entry of vehicles should be allowed.
Vil du hjælpe mig med at dække bordet?	Will you help me set the table?
Send det til min e-mail.	Send it to my email.
Marco kom som sædvanligt et kvarter forsinket hurtigt ind på kontoret.	As usual being late by fifteen minutes, Marco hurriedly entered the office.
Kaninen skriger.	The rabbit is screaming.
Han nægtede at overveje mit tilbud.	He refused to consider my offer.
Jeg prøvede at åbne døren, men den var låst.	I tried to open the door, but it was locked.
Har du set Toms nye tatovering?	Have you seen Tom's new tattoo?
Jeg har beskæftiget mig med det her i lang tid.	I've been dealing with this for a long time.
Jeg tror, ​​du er i vejen for Tom.	I think you're in Tom's way.
Jeg har ledt efter et job i lang tid.	I've been looking for a job for a long time.
Jeg hang ud med Tom hele dagen.	I hung out with Tom all day.
Hvorfor fortæller du denne joke?	Why are you telling this joke?
Det tror jeg ikke, vi får problemer med.	I don't think we'll have a problem with that.
Tom lukkede munden.	Tom clamped his mouth shut.
Hvad venter du på?	What are you waiting for?
Skriv til hende!	Write to her!
Jeg har aldrig skrevet denne slags essay før.	I've never written this kind of essay before.
Jeg gjorde, hvad Tom sagde, jeg gjorde.	I did what Tom said I did.
Kaffen er sød.	The coffee is sweet.
Det er første gang, jeg nogensinde er blevet anholdt.	This is the first time I've ever been arrested.
Jeg har beskyttet Tom.	I've been protecting Tom.
Jeg synes, det er mærkeligt.	I think that it's strange.
Jeg fik kun betalt et par dollars i timen i starten.	I only got paid a few dollars an hour at first.
Jeg lånte Tom nogle bøger.	I lent Tom some books.
Jeg lånte nogle bøger til Tom.	I lent some books to Tom.
Kan du huske første gang, du blev anholdt?	Do you remember the first time you were arrested?
Det var ikke første gang, Tom blev arresteret.	That wasn't the first time that Tom got arrested.
Er nogen i din familie nogensinde blevet arresteret?	Has anyone in your family ever been arrrested?
Politiet anholdt alle til festen.	The police arrested everyone at the party.
Politiet planlægger at arrestere Tom.	The police plan to arrest Tom.
Jeg blev arresteret i Boston for butikstyveri.	I was arrested in Boston for shoplifting.
Jeg blev arresteret i Boston for butikstyveri.	I got arrested in Boston for shoplifting.
Jeg blev chokeret, da jeg hørte, at Tom blev arresteret.	I was shocked when I learned that Tom got arrested.
Politiet har anholdt Tom flere gange.	The police have arrested Tom several times.
Jeg bliver arresteret.	I'll get arrested.
Jeg flygtede til Australien for at undgå arrestation.	I fled to Australia to avoid arrest.
Jeg flygtede til Australien for at undgå at blive arresteret.	I fled to Australia to avoid getting arrested.
Jeg forlod Australien for at undgå at blive arresteret.	I left Australia to avoid getting arrested.
Jeg blev arresteret for at bære et skjult våben.	I was arrested for carrying a concealed weapon.
Jeg blev anholdt og lagt i håndjern.	I was arrested and handcuffed.
Mine kidnappere blev aldrig arresteret.	My kidnappers were never arrested.
Jeg blev arresteret kort efter.	I was arrested soon after that.
Jeg blev arresteret og udleveret til Australien.	I was arrested and extradited to Australia.
Jeg blev arresteret og tilbragte natten i fængsel.	I got arrested and spent the night in jail.
Jeg blev arresteret og tilbragte natten i fængsel.	I was arrested and spent the night in jail.
Tom blev anholdt og sigtet for første grads mord.	Tom was arrested and charged with first degree murder.
Jeg ville ønske, at jeg havde mere tid til at gøre sådan noget.	I wish that I had more time to do things like this.
Jeg fik Toms besked.	I got Tom's message.
Jeg ville ønske, at jeg havde haft mere tid til at hjælpe dig.	I wish that I had had more time to help you.
Jeg barberede mit hoved.	I shaved my head.
Jeg ved ikke, hvorfor Tom gør sådan noget.	I don't know why Tom does things like that.
Det varer ikke længe før jeg kommer tilbage.	It won't be long before I come back.
Det nytter ikke at tale om det.	It's no good talking about it.
Knægt, lad os tage med far til rismarken!	Kid, let's go with Dad to the rice field!
Det er på dette punkt, at vores meninger er forskellige.	It's on this point that our opinions differ.
Det er den ældste træbygning, der findes.	It's the oldest wooden building in existence.
På det seneste er min bærbare computer ved med at få fejl, og jeg kender ikke årsagen.	Lately, my laptop keeps getting errors and I don't know the cause.
Det er en sygdom, der ikke kan forebygges.	It's a disease that can't be prevented.
Jeg vaskede mit ansigt.	I washed my face.
Tom forsøgte at få alle ud af rummet.	Tom tried to get everyone out of the room.
Min bærbare computer bliver ved med at styrte ned over mig.	My laptop keeps crashing on me.
Jeg er vildt doven.	I'm awfully lazy.
Det er på tide du går i seng.	It's time you went to bed.
Sluk for radioen.	Turn off the radio.
Det er sjovt at spille kort.	It's fun to play cards.
Tom ved ikke, hvor meget jeg har brugt på det her.	Tom doesn't know how much I spent on this.
På grund af en ung brasiliansk kvinde begyndte Stephen at lære portugisisk.	Because of a young Brazilian woman, Stephen started learning Portuguese.
Bag den dør er en stald.	Behind that door is a stable.
Det lykkedes mig at komme på det sidste tog.	I managed to get on the last train.
Er universet uendeligt?	Is the universe infinite?
Vi ved det ikke.	We don't know.
Du krammede mig.	You hugged me.
Tom forsøgte at få alle ud af rummet.	Tom tried to get everybody out of the room.
Og det er derfor, jeg skriver til dig.	And that's why I'm writing to you.
Og det er derfor, jeg skriver til dig.	And that's why I'm writing you.
Hun farer konstant vild.	She is constantly getting lost.
Min mor sagde, at jeg ikke skulle studere så meget.	My mother told me not to study so much.
Der er blåregn langs havegangen.	There are wisterias along the garden path.
Stalden ligger ved siden af ​​salonen.	The stable is next to the saloon.
Stalden ligger ved siden af ​​hotellet.	The stable is next to the hotel.
Tom satte hesten i stalden.	Tom put the horse in the stable.
Tom førte sin hest ud af stalden.	Tom led his horse out of the stable.
Det er så gådefuldt.	It's so puzzling.
Jeg havde ingen problemer med at følge Toms spor.	I had no difficulty following Tom's trail.
At løbe ind i dig var uundgåeligt.	Running into you was inevitable.
Jeg steg af min hest.	I got off my horse.
Tom vidste, at der ikke boede nogen på øen.	Tom knew that nobody lived on the island.
Hvor er mine notesbøger?	Where are my notebooks?
Jeg kan godt lide sort kaffe.	I like black coffee.
Jeg kan godt lide min kaffe sort.	I like my coffee black.
Jeg har brug for denne blyant.	I need this pencil.
Jeg skar aldrig hjørner.	I never cut corners.
Der er blåregn langs havegangen.	There are wisteria along the garden path.
Tom vidste, at der ikke boede nogen på øen.	Tom knew that no one lived on the island.
Kender du denne?	Do you know this one?
Tom faldt af hesten og brækkede armen.	Tom fell off his horse and broke his arm.
Tom forsøgte at få alle ud af deres værelser.	Tom tried to get everyone out of their rooms.
Elsker du at lære fransk?	Do you love learning French?
Jeg ville ønske, jeg studerede Klingon på Kronos.	I wish I were studying Klingon on Kronos.
Jeg vidste det ikke rigtigt.	I didn't really know.
Tom ved, at i morgen kan være meget varmt.	Tom knows that tomorrow may be very hot.
Jeg tror, ​​hun er på hospitalet.	I believe that she is at the hospital.
Du skal stole på mig.	You need to trust me.
Jeg er nybegynder i russisk.	I am a beginner in Russian.
Det vil jeg ikke gøre, selvom Tom beder mig om det.	I won't do that even if Tom asks me to.
Jeg kan ikke lide det en smule.	I don't like it a bit.
Jeg slukker altid lyset, når jeg forlader et værelse.	I always turn off the light when I leave a room.
Jeg sov i Toms seng, mens han var væk.	I slept in Tom's bed while he was away.
De sagde noget på japansk.	They were saying something in Japanese.
Jeg vidste, at dette var forkert.	I knew this was wrong.
Jeg har endnu ikke tre hundrede dollars.	I don't yet have three hundred dollars.
Jeg kender dette område godt.	I know this area well.
Tom forstod ikke, hvad Mary mente.	Tom didn't understand what Mary meant.
Det ved jeg med sikkerhed.	That I know for certain.
Jeg så Tom gøre det for et stykke tid siden.	I saw Tom doing that just a while ago.
Esther er yndig.	Esther is adorkable.
Det er en meget dårlig vane.	That's a very bad habit.
Efter arbejde tog Tom hjem til sin kone.	After work, Tom went home to his wife.
Denne dreng er mit barnebarns søn og min søns barnebarn.	This boy is my grandson's son and my son's grandson.
Han er derfor mit oldebarn.	He is, therefore, my great-grandson.
Jeg ved ikke hvordan det staves.	I don't know how it's spelled.
Killingerne er ved at blive store.	The kittens are getting big.
Tom ville vide det rigtige at gøre.	Tom would know the right thing to do.
Jeg håber, det vil regne i morgen.	I hope it will rain tomorrow.
Jeg ved, du har en hemmelighed.	I know you have a secret.
Jeg synes, jeg skal ringe til Tom først.	I think that I should call Tom first.
Jeg vil derhen alene.	I want to go there alone.
Tom vidste, at ingen boede på øen.	Tom knew nobody lived on the island.
Jeg vil til søen.	I want to go to the lake.
Tom vidste, at ingen boede på øen.	Tom knew no one lived on the island.
Du kan ikke lide noget.	You don't like anything.
Jeg undrer mig over, hvordan det blev gjort.	I wonder how it was done.
Er du stadig med os, Tom?	Are you still with us, Tom?
Jeg tager en lur, tror jeg.	I'll take a nap, I guess.
Jeg viste Tom de skitser, jeg havde lavet.	I showed Tom the sketches I'd made.
Jeg vil gerne vide, hvordan man spiller klaver.	I would like to know how to play the piano.
Ingen vidste, at det var der.	No one knew it was there.
Jeg kommer aldrig til at stole på Tom igen.	I'm never going to trust Tom again.
Ingen vidste, at det var der.	Nobody knew it was there.
Jeg vil til dans med Tom.	I want to go to the dance with Tom.
Vi kender ikke årsagen.	We don't know the reason.
Jeg har stadig tre hundrede dollars.	I still have three hundred dollars.
Alle er i dårligt humør.	Everyone is in a bad mood.
Jeg så Toms reaktion i spejlet.	I saw Tom's reaction in the mirror.
Eksperter ved det ikke rigtigt.	Experts don't really know.
Jeg synes den er for stor.	I think that it is too big.
Er der noget at spise i køleskabet?	Is there anything to eat in the fridge?
Toms hår plejede at være meget længere.	Tom's hair used to be much longer.
Jeg vil ikke røre.	I’m not going to stir.
De sidder.	They are sitting.
Han var ikke flov.	He wasn't embarrassed.
Hun var ikke flov.	She wasn't embarrassed.
Først tager jeg bussen, så tager jeg metroen.	First I take the bus, then I take the subway.
Jeg vil ikke gå nu.	I don't want to leave now.
Tom vidste ikke meget om Boston.	Tom didn't know much about Boston.
Hvem vandt kampen?	Who won the match?
Jeg besøgte ikke Rusland.	I didn't visit Russia.
Jeg besøgte ikke Argentina.	I didn't visit Argentina.
Jeg er ikke værdig til dette.	I am not worthy of this.
Jeg er i Kina.	I’m in China.
Vi besøgte ikke Malta.	We didn't visit Malta.
Der er dybe huller på væggene.	There are deep holes on the walls.
Der er en ende på alt.	There's an end to everything.
Du er ikke en helt.	You aren't a hero.
Jeg ved, at denne historie er sand.	I know this story is true.
Jeg sendte et billede af min hund til Tom.	I sent a picture of my dog to Tom.
Lad os holde en pigeaften i aften.	Tonight let's have a girls night.
Hunden jagtede mig.	The dog chased me.
Hun havde ret.	She was right.
De var på rejse.	They were traveling.
Du er tyk.	You've got fat.
Jeg kan ikke se.	I don't see.
Du er ved at komme dig.	You're recovering.
Vi vender tilbage.	We're returning.
Jeg vil med til festen.	I want to go to the party.
Giv ikke slip!	Don't let go!
Vi hilste på hinanden.	We greeted each other.
Jeg gav Tom de penge, han bad om.	I gave Tom the money he asked for.
Hvis der sker noget, skal du informere mig.	If anything happens you must inform me.
Behøver de at blive færdige?	Do they need to finish?
De gamle venner krammede hinanden.	The old friends hugged each other.
Jeg kan ikke lide at tage denne gade.	I don't like to take this street.
Jeg ringer til dem i morgen, når jeg kommer hjem.	I'll call them tomorrow when I get home.
Hvad arbejder du?	What do you work?
Stop med at drikke så meget!	Stop drinking so much!
Du laver dig selv til grin.	You are making a fool of yourself.
Denne by er meget moderne, men den mangler vegetation.	This city is very modern but it lacks vegetation.
Det føles lidt forenklet for mig.	It feels a little simplified to me.
Vidste du, at der manglede noget i sidste øjeblik?	Did you realise that something was missing at the last moment?
De har begge tre børn.	Both of them have three kids.
Ring til mig for at fortælle mig, hvad du har lært.	Call me to tell me what you've learned.
Hvad vil du vælge mellem det og det?	Which will you choose between this and that?
Han vil aldrig lægge på!	He will never hang up!
Åh!	Oh!
Jeg kender den fyr.	I know that guy.
Eleni er lærer.	Eleni is a teacher.
Er det behageligt sådan?	Is it comfortable like this?
Du bliver nødt til at undskylde over for ham, når du ser ham.	You'll have to apologise to him whenever you see him.
Hvad synes du om t-shirtsene på denne side?	What do you think about the t-shirts on this page?
Jeg bliver skør, hvis det fortsætter.	I'll go crazy if this continues.
Jeg venter på, at bussen skal gå.	I'm waiting for the bus to go.
Det kostede mig halvtreds dollars at reparere uret.	It cost me fifty dollars to fix the watch.
Krig bringer altid ulykke.	War always brings misfortune.
Skal vi gå ud i aften?	Should we go out tonight?
John talte så højt, at jeg kunne høre ham selv fra anden sal.	John was speaking so loudly I could hear him even from the second floor.
Hans datter er meget sød.	His daughter is very cute.
Jeg fortalte dem, at jeg ikke ville tage dertil.	I told them that I wouldn't go there.
Jeg ved ikke hvordan jeg skal forklare dig det.	I don't know how to explain it to you.
Nogen stjal mit kamera.	Someone stole my camera.
Han brugte paraplyen til at forsvare sig selv.	He used the umbrella to defend himself.
Han smider alt væk.	He's throwing everything away.
Opfør ikke dum!	Don't act dumb!
Vi er virkelig færdige!	We're really done!
Han går i bad lige nu.	He's taking a shower right now.
"Ivan, hvad er dit kaldenavn?"	"Ivan, what's your nickname?"
"Vanka, men jeg foretrækker at blive kaldt Ivan."	"Vanka, but I prefer to be called Ivan."
Berømtheden sad bagerst i limousinen.	The celebrity was sitting in the back of the limousine.
Denne bro kan ikke bære mere end ti tons på én gang.	This bridge can't support more than ten tons at once.
Jeg skræmmer kvinder.	I scare women.
De skal lukke.	They need to close.
Kom venligst til dette register.	Please come to this register.
Jeg har det rigtig sjovt ved foredrag.	I have a lot of fun at lectures.
Det er vigtigt du svarer.	It's important you answer.
Tænk ikke på ham, han klarer sig.	Don't think about him, he'll manage.
Her er deres kort.	Here is their card.
Hej lærer!	Hello teacher!
Han kommer efter hjælp.	He's coming for help.
Tak, det er alt.	Thank you, this is all.
Drik en til mig!	Drink one for me!
Sollys oversvømmede rummet.	Sunlight flooded the room.
Tom lagde sine ting fra sig og gik.	Tom put his things down and left.
Sådan kan det ikke blive.	It cannot stay like this.
Jeg kan ikke bo langt fra havet.	I cannot live far from the ocean.
Alle er i dårligt humør.	Everybody is in a bad mood.
Tom ved allerede, hvordan man gør det.	Tom knows how to do that already.
Til sidst sov han med hende.	He finally slept with her.
Hun sov endelig med ham.	She finally slept with him.
Jeg ville aldrig sove med hende.	I would never sleep with her.
Hun overvejede at forlade ham.	She was considering leaving him.
Jeg vil gerne sove med hende.	I would like to sleep with her.
Jeg tror, ​​jeg er for gammel til hende.	I think that I am too old for her.
Hun fortalte mig, at jeg var for gammel til hende.	She told me that I was too old for her.
Jeg lavede noget at spise til os.	I fixed us something to eat.
Tom vidste, hvorfor han var blevet inviteret.	Tom knew why he had been invited.
Det ved jeg lidt om.	I know a little about that.
Tom vidste, at han kun havde lidt tid.	Tom knew he only had a little time.
Jeg gik tilbage til mit kontor.	I walked back to my office.
Jeg tror, ​​jeg ringer til Tom først.	I think that I'll call Tom first.
Hvordan ved du, hvad der er rigtigt?	How do you know what's right?
Tom vidste, at det betød meget for mig.	Tom knew that meant a lot to me.
Jeg vil i skole i dag.	I want to go to school today.
Tom vidste, at hans liv var i fare.	Tom knew his life was in danger.
De kender ikke mit rigtige navn.	They don't know my real name.
Tom vidste allerede, hvordan man gjorde det.	Tom already knew how to do that.
Vi ved, hvad der blev aftalt.	We know what was agreed upon.
Jeg smagte den gryderet, som Tom lavede.	I tasted the stew that Tom made.
Tale er tankens klædedragt, og udtryk er tankens rustning.	Speech is the garment of thought, and expression is thought's armor.
Du ved, det er interessant.	You know, that's interesting.
Tom ved endnu ikke, hvordan man gør det.	Tom doesn't yet know how to do that.
Dette træ er bemærkelsesværdigt!	This tree is remarkable!
Jeg nikkede indforstået med hovedet.	I nodded my head in agreement.
Tom ved ikke, hvordan man gør det endnu.	Tom doesn't know how to do that yet.
Spænd tipvognen til mit gnaven!	Hitch the dumpcart to my nag!
Jeg forstår hvorfor du gjorde det.	I understand why you did that.
Jeg vil til frokost med Tom.	I want to go to lunch with Tom.
Sæt tipvognen til min gamle, værdiløse hest!	Hitch the dumpcart to my old, worthless horse!
Jeg vil i seng lige nu.	I want to go to bed right now.
Jeg prøvede den gryderet, som Tom lavede.	I tried the stew that Tom made.
Han modtog en vognladning af lovovertrædelser.	He received a cartload of offences.
Jeg ville ønske, jeg kunne gøre det hurtigere.	I wish I could do this faster.
Jeg sendte Tom et billede af min hund.	I sent Tom a picture of my dog.
Ingen vidste, hvorfor dette skete.	No one knew why this happened.
Jeg så Toms spejling i vinduet.	I saw Tom's reflection in the window.
Ingen ved, hvorfor dette sker.	No one knows why this happens.
Jeg skænkede Tom en sjat tequila.	I poured Tom a shot of tequila.
Ingen vidste, hvorfor dette skete.	Nobody knew why this happened.
Jeg gav Tom de penge, han ville have.	I gave Tom the money he wanted.
Ingen ved hvorfor dette sker.	Nobody knows why this happens.
Tom vidste, hvad han ville.	Tom knew what he wanted to do.
Jeg havde desperat brug for pengene.	I needed the money desperately.
Tom vidste, hvordan man gjorde alt.	Tom knew how to do everything.
Jeg vil gerne til frokost med dig.	I want to go to lunch with you.
Jeg så Tom i kirken i sidste uge.	I saw Tom at church last week.
Jeg vil slet ikke derned.	I don't want to go there at all.
Jeg tilbød Tom en kop kaffe.	I offered Tom a cup of coffee.
Vi spiser brød.	We're eating bread.
Vi skal spise sammen i aften.	We're going to be eating together this evening.
Jeg ved ikke rigtig, hvad det er.	I don't really know what that is.
Vi har intet andet valg end at spise dette mugne brød.	We have no choice but to eat this moldy bread.
Jeg tog Tom med til Boston.	I took Tom to Boston with me.
Jeg sover ikke særlig godt om natten.	I don't sleep very well at night.
Jeg betalte tredive dollars for dette.	I paid thirty bucks for this.
Det gider jeg ikke gøre om natten.	I don't want to do that at night.
Jeg gav dokumentet til Tom.	I handed the document to Tom.
Jeg vil ikke fortælle dig mit navn.	I don't want to tell you my name.
Tom ser ned på alle.	Tom looks down on everybody.
Jeg spekulerer ofte på, om jeg kunne gøre det.	I often wonder if I could do that.
Jeg var her med Tom hele dagen.	I was here with Tom all day.
Jeg vil med dig til søen.	I want to go to the lake with you.
Jeg vil til Toms fest.	I want to go to Tom's party.
Du ser ikke ud til at være særlig afslappet.	You don't seem to be very relaxed.
Jeg tog nogle billeder af Tom.	I took some pictures of Tom.
Det virker du ikke ligeglad med.	You don't seem to care about that.
Jeg forlod Toms kontor kl. 14.30.	I left Tom's office at 2:30.
Det ser du ikke ud til at gøre længere.	You don't seem to do that anymore.
Er du tilfældigvis, Tom?	Are you, by any chance, Tom?
Mary vågnede op og vidste den perfekte oversættelse af den sætning, hun havde overvejet den foregående aften.	Mary woke up knowing the perfect translation for the sentence she had been pondering the previous evening.
Teorien om pladetektonik i geologi forklarer fænomenet kontinentaldrift.	The theory of plate tectonics in geology explains the phenomenon of continental drift.
Efter mere end firs år og mange mislykkede forsøg er den første virkelig vellykkede tyske oversættelse af teksten tilgængelig.	After more than eighty years and many failed attempts, the first truly successful German translation of the text is available.
Ingen kunne følge professorens forklaring.	No one could follow the professor's explanation.
De bad Tom om at hjælpe dem med at renovere huset.	They asked Tom to help them renovate the house.
De bad Tom om at hjælpe dem med at få huset i stand.	They asked Tom to help them get the house into shape.
Mary rynkede læberne og forventede et kys, men der skete ikke noget.	Mary puckered her lips, expecting a kiss, but nothing happened.
Da hun åbnede øjnene, var Tom gået.	When she opened her eyes, Tom had gone.
En hat prydede hendes hoved.	A hat graced her head.
Hendes hoved var prydet med en hat.	Her head was adorned with a hat.
Hendes hoved var prydet af en hat.	Her head was graced by a hat.
Hendes taske var meget let.	Her bag was very light.
Situationen er meget kompleks.	The situation is very complex.
De gloede på hinanden et øjeblik.	They glared at each other for a second.
De stirrede på hinanden et øjeblik.	They stared at each other for a second.
Lysene skinnede klart.	The candles shone brightly.
Stearinlysene skinnede klart.	The candles were shining brightly.
Det er langt det mest interessante ved hans roman.	That's by far the most interesting thing about his novel.
Det er det mest interessante ved hans roman med et langt kridt.	That's the most interesting thing about his novel by a long chalk.
Snefaldet bliver tungere.	The snowfall's becoming heavier.
Det sner hårdere.	It's snowing harder.
Det sner kraftigere.	It's snowing heavier.
Sneen bliver hårdere.	The snow's getting harder.
Sneen bliver tungere.	The snow's becoming heavier.
Sneen bliver tungere.	The snow's getting heavier.
Du ser ikke ud til at have lyst til at være her.	You don't seem to want to be here.
Vi ved ikke, hvordan Tom døde.	We don't know how Tom died.
Han har tændt for fjernsynet.	He's switched the telly on.
Han tændte for fjernsynet.	He switched on the telly.
Han har tændt for fjernsynet.	He's switched the television on.
Han tændte for fjernsynet.	He switched on the television.
Du ser ikke ud til at have os her.	You don't seem to want us here.
De ville ikke være enige.	They wouldn't agree.
Du ville ikke være enig.	You wouldn't agree.
Hun ville ikke være enig.	She wouldn't agree.
Han ville ikke være enig.	He wouldn't agree.
De har holdt en fridag.	They've taken a day off.
De tog en fridag.	They took a day off.
Du har taget en fridag.	You've taken a day off.
Hun har taget en fridag.	She's taken a day off.
Hun tog en fridag.	She took a day off.
Du forstår ikke, hvad Mary prøver at sige.	You don't understand what Mary is trying to say.
De forstår ikke, hvad Mary prøver at sige.	They don't understand what Mary is trying to say.
Han forstår ikke, hvad Mary prøver at sige.	He doesn't understand what Mary is trying to say.
En trykkende stilhed sænkede sig pludselig.	An oppressive silence suddenly descended.
De blev fyret.	They were sacked.
De blev overflødige.	They were made redundant.
De blev afskediget.	They were laid off.
De blev udskrevet.	They were discharged.
Du blev fyret.	You were sacked.
Du blev overflødiggjort.	You were made redundant.
Du blev afskediget.	You were laid off.
Du blev udskrevet.	You were discharged.
Tom tændte for fjernsynet.	Tom switched the TV on.
Hun blev fyret.	She was sacked.
Hun blev overflødiggjort.	She was made redundant.
Hun blev afskediget.	She was laid off.
Hun blev udskrevet.	She was discharged.
Du er lige så høj som din far.	You're as tall as your father.
Du kommer til at tabe spillet.	You're going to lose the game.
Du er ved at tabe spillet.	You're about to lose the game.
De har talt i telefon i en time.	They've been talking on the phone for an hour.
Hun har talt i telefon i en time.	She's been talking on the phone for an hour.
Han har talt i telefon i en time.	He's been talking on the phone for an hour.
Du har talt i telefon i en time.	You've been talking on the phone for an hour.
Du holdt balancen.	You kept your balance.
Du var udmattet.	You were exhausted.
Du var knust.	You were shattered.
Du var pjattet.	You were knackered.
Du var slidt.	You were worn out.
Du blev gravid.	You became pregnant.
Du underviste.	You were teaching.
Du underviste i historie.	You taught history.
Du underviste i historie.	You were teaching history.
Du regnede med din bror.	You were counting on your brother.
Du regnede med din bror.	You counted on your brother.
Kan nogen oversætte dette brev til tysk?	Can someone translate this letter into German?
Mary blev færdig med Tom, ikke omvendt.	Mary finished with Tom, not the other way round.
Alle ser ud til at være i dårligt humør.	Everyone seems to be in a bad mood.
Tom ved ikke, hvordan man gør det.	Tom doesn't how to do that.
Hvad skrev du til Tom om i dit sidste brev?	What did you write to Tom about in your last letter?
Jeg ved ikke, hvorfor vi skulle gøre det her.	I don't know why we should do this.
Jeg har aldrig talt med Tom.	I've never spoken with Tom.
Jeg vidste med det samme, at jeg var i fare.	I immediately knew I was in danger.
Tom har været væk hele dagen.	Tom has been away all day.
Lad os vide, hvad der skal ske.	Let us know what's going to happen.
Jeg skal snart se Tom.	I'm going to see Tom soon.
Du ser ikke ud til at koncentrere dig.	You don't seem to be concentrating.
Jeg viste Tom mine malerier.	I showed Tom my paintings.
Du ser ikke ud til at være særlig venlig.	You don't seem to be very friendly.
Jeg så Tom på campus i dag.	I saw Tom on campus today.
Min drøm er at studere Tagalog i Manila.	My dream is to study Tagalog in Manila.
Min drøm er at studere Azeri i Baku.	My dream is to study Azeri in Baku.
Min drøm er at studere Bisaya i Cebu.	My dream is to study Bisaya in Cebu.
Min drøm er at studere usbekisk i Samarqand.	My dream is to study Uzbek in Samarqand.
Min drøm er at studere russisk i Tasjkent.	My dream is to study Russian in Tashkent.
Min drøm er at studere turkmensk i Ashgabat.	My dream is to study Turkmen in Ashgabat.
Hvad har hun gjort indtil nu?	What has she done until now?
Det vigtigste er, at I skal hjælpe hinanden.	Most importantly, you have to help each other.
Ofte ved folk ikke, hvordan man skriver "ѝ", og i stedet skriver de "й".	Often people don't know how to type "ѝ" and instead they write "й".
Jeg skal bruge en pointer til præsentationen.	I'll need a pointer for the presentation.
Jeg skal begynde at gå til private matematiktimer.	I need to start going to private math lessons.
Med denne slags venner har du ikke brug for fjender.	With this kind of friends you don't need enemies.
Alle ser ud til at være i dårligt humør.	Everybody seems to be in a bad mood.
Undskyld mig, stopper 06'eren her?	Excuse me, does the 06 stop here?
Du laver en fejl ved at lægge på!	You are making a mistake by hanging up!
Vi er her ikke!	We're not here!
Kom nu, kom væk herfra!	Come on now, get out of here!
Giv mig, jeg gør det!	Give me, I'll do it!
Jeg rakte Tom dokumentet.	I handed Tom the document.
At tage både alkohol og stoffer samtidigt kan føre til store forandringer i ens psyke.	Taking both alcohol and drugs simultaneously can lead to big changes in one's psyche.
Vores geografilærer kommer altid ind i klasseværelset med et kort og en pointer.	Our geography teacher always enters the classroom with a map and a pointer.
Jeg ved ikke, hvordan jeg overlevede.	I don't know how I survived.
Det er en japansk dukke.	That's a Japanese doll.
At nå professionelt spil i et videospil er lige så svært som at nå det i enhver sport.	Reaching professional play in a video game is just as hard as reaching it in any sport.
Jeg låser altid døren, når jeg går.	I always lock the door when I leave.
Der går rygter om, at du kommer tilbage.	There are rumours that you are coming back.
Er din nederdel ikke for kort?	Isn't your skirt way too short?
Garantien er to måneder.	The warranty is two months.
Jeg vil ikke skræmme Tom.	I don't want to scare Tom.
Jeg savner dig.	I miss you.
Jeg har ikke set dig i en uge.	I haven't seen you in a week.
Er det første gang, du laver sådan noget?	Is it your first time doing something like this?
Uanset hvad du gør, ender det på samme måde.	Whatever you do it'll end the same way.
Jeg er ved at rydde op på min søsters værelse.	I'm cleaning up my sister's room.
Cuba ligger i Mellemamerika.	Cuba is in Central America.
Min onkels søn er min fætter.	My uncle's son is my cousin.
Hej.	Hello.
Har du nogen ledige dobbeltværelser?	Do you have any free double rooms?
Jeg ville ønske, jeg havde din energi - men til fredelige formål.	I wish I had your energy - but for peaceful purposes.
Men hvornår sker det for mig?	But when will it happen to me?
Jeg vil gerne derned lige nu.	I would like to go there right now.
Jeg har brug for en lærebog i bulgarsk sprog.	I need a textbook on Bulgarian language.
Hvor mange terminaler har lufthavnen?	How many terminals does the airport have?
Jeg træner altid.	I always train.
Jeg vidste straks, at jeg var i problemer.	I immediately knew I was in trouble.
Min drøm er at studere Qirgiz i Bishkek.	My dream is to study Qirgiz in Bishkek.
Kendte du Toms mor?	Did you know Tom's mother?
Min drøm er at studere Tajiki i Dushanbe.	My dream is to study Tajiki in Dushanbe.
Min drøm er at studere Dari i Kabul.	My dream is to study Dari in Kabul.
Min drøm er at studere farsi i Jahrom.	My dream is to study Farsi in Jahrom.
Min drøm er at studere Balochi i Quetta.	My dream is to study Balochi in Quetta.
Min drøm er at studere pashto i Karachi.	My dream is to study Pashto in Karachi.
Du så ikke ud til at være særlig venlig.	You didn't seem to be very friendly.
Tom og jeg er gået fra hinanden.	Tom and I have separated.
Man skal ikke stole for meget på folk.	You shouldn't trust people too much.
Jeg hjalp Tom med at klæde sig på.	I helped Tom get dressed.
Min drøm er at studere Dargwa i Makhachkala.	My dream is to study Dargwa in Makhachkala.
Min drøm er at studere armensk i Jerevan.	My dream is to study Armenian in Yerevan.
Min drøm er at studere georgisk i Tbilisi.	My dream is to study Georgian in Tbilisi.
Min drøm er at studere tjetjensk i Groznyj.	My dream is to study Chechen in Grozny.
Min drøm er at studere Cherkess i Cherkessk.	My dream is to study Cherkess in Cherkessk.
Min drøm er at studere Krim-tatar i Feodosia.	My dream is to study Crimean Tatar in Feodosia.
Min drøm er at studere Moldova i Moldova.	My dream is to study Moldovan in Moldova.
Jeg ved bare, at det ikke kommer til at ske.	I just know it's not going to happen.
Jeg har givet Tom en gave.	I've brought Tom a gift.
Min drøm er at studere serbisk i Beograd.	My dream is to study Serbian in Belgrade.
Min drøm er at studere albansk i Tirana.	My dream is to study Albanian in Tirana.
Min drøm er at studere moderne græsk i Athen.	My dream is to study Modern Greek in Athens.
Min drøm er at studere polsk i Warszawa.	My dream is to study Polish in Warsaw.
Min drøm er at studere slovakisk i Bratislava.	My dream is to study Slovak in Bratislava.
Min drøm er at studere slovensk i Ljubljana.	My dream is to study Slovene in Ljubljana.
Det fortæller jeg mine elever hele tiden.	I tell my students that all the time.
Jeg sendte en check til Tom.	I mailed a check to Tom.
Killingen bevægede ikke en muskel.	The kitten didn't move a muscle.
Min drøm er at studere maltesisk i Valletta.	My dream is to study Maltese in Valletta.
Min drøm er at studere catalansk i Formentera.	My dream is to study Catalan in Formentera.
Det er svært for hende at tale japansk.	It's difficult for her to speak Japanese.
Jeg er ked af, at du tænker på denne måde.	I'm sorry you think this way.
En ven er bedre end ti slægtninge.	One friend is better than ten relatives.
Jeg synes, det tal burde være 30.000.	I think that number should be 30,000.
Jeg bebrejder ikke Tom en smule.	I don't blame Tom a bit.
Min drøm er at studere baskisk i Bilbao.	My dream is to study Basque in Bilbao.
Lad os foreløbig ikke gøre det.	For the time being, let's not do that.
Tom vidste det heller ikke.	Tom didn't know either.
Jeg håber, hun kommer til festen.	I hope she comes to the party.
Jeg har brugt timer på at prøve at gøre det.	I've spent hours in trying to do that.
Jeg viste en video til Tom.	I showed a video to Tom.
Min drøm er at studere tatarisk i Kazan.	My dream is to study Tatar in Kazan.
Vi tog afsted, før de vidste, at vi var der.	We left before they knew we were there.
Mange af jer kender Tom.	Many of you know Tom.
Jeg spekulerer på, hvordan det blev gjort, og hvem der gjorde det.	I wonder how it was done and who did it.
Jeg fortalte Tom historien.	I told Tom the story.
Det er noget, der virkelig overrasker mig.	It's something that really surprises me.
Jeg troede, Tom gjorde det.	I thought Tom did it.
Er du ikke enig med mig?	You don't agree with me?
Ingen ved, hvorfor forruden revnede.	No one knows why the windshield cracked.
Jeg solgte Tom en T-shirt.	I sold Tom a T-shirt.
Ingen ved, hvorfor forruden revnede.	Nobody knows why the windshield cracked.
Jeg viste Tom en video.	I showed Tom a video.
Hvis du ikke er tilfreds, er det samme pris.	If you're not happy, it's the same price.
Personligt er jeg uenig i de tanker.	Personally, I disagree with those ideas.
Tom vil ikke gå glip af flere handlinger.	Tom doesn't want to miss any more actions.
Jeg så Tom i bussen.	I saw Tom on the bus.
Han forlod hospitalet for en time siden.	He left the hospital an hour ago.
Jeg vil ikke fortælle dig mit telefonnummer.	I don't want to tell you my phone number.
Jeg tilbød Tom en tur.	I offered Tom a ride.
Jeg synes, jeg bliver ret træt, når jeg gør det.	I find I get pretty tired when I do that.
Jeg mødte Tom på college.	I met Tom in college.
Ingen ved, hvornår det vil ske.	No one knows when that's going to happen.
Jeg sendte en check til Tom.	I mailed Tom a check.
Jeg har lært, at du ikke kan få nogen til at elske dig.	I've learned that you cannot make someone love you.
Alt du kan gøre er at være en, der kan blive elsket.	All you can do is be someone who can be loved.
Resten er op til dem.	The rest is up to them.
Jeg lærte, at uanset hvor meget jeg bekymrer mig, er nogle mennesker bare ligeglade.	I learned that no matter how much I care, some people just don't care back.
Og det er ikke verdens undergang.	And it's not the end of the world.
Jeg har lært, at det tager år at opbygge tillid og kun sekunder at ødelægge den.	I've learned that it takes years to build up trust and only seconds to destroy it.
At det ikke er, hvad du har i dit liv, men hvem du har i dit liv, der tæller.	That it's not what you have in your life but who you have in your life that counts.
Ingen ved, hvor langt vi kan nå.	Nobody knows how far we'll be able to go.
Jeg sårede Toms følelser.	I hurt Tom's feelings.
Kan du lide denne type bog?	Do you like this type of book?
Vi vidste alle, at guld var tungere end sølv.	We all knew gold was heavier than silver.
Jeg gav Tom nogle kontanter.	I gave Tom some cash.
Fortæl Tom, at jeg kommer for sent.	Tell Tom I'll be late.
Fortæl Tom, at jeg kommer for sent.	Tell Tom I'm going to be late.
Fortæl Tom, at jeg kommer et par minutter for sent.	Please tell Tom I'm going to be a few minutes late.
Fortæl Tom, at jeg kommer et par minutter for sent.	Please tell Tom I'll be a few minutes late.
Kan du fortælle Tom, at jeg kommer omkring ti minutter for sent?	Could you please tell Tom I'll be about ten minutes late?
Tom fortjener ikke Mary.	Tom doesn't deserve Mary.
Mary fortjener ikke Tom.	Mary doesn't deserve Tom.
Mary er ude af Toms liga.	Mary is out of Tom's league.
Mary er ude af Toms liga.	Mary's out of Tom's league.
Du ved hvad situationen er, ikke?	You know what the situation is, don't you?
Jeg gav Tom mit nummer.	I gave Tom my number.
Jeg var der året for det store jordskælv.	I was there the year of the big earthquake.
Jeg gav Tom en advarsel.	I gave Tom a warning.
Vær venlig ikke at afbryde mig, når jeg taler.	Please don't interrupt me when I'm talking.
Jeg kunne ikke nå Tom.	I couldn't reach Tom.
Jeg tror ikke, at et sådant kompromis er muligt.	I don't believe such compromise is possible.
Jeg ringer først til Tom.	I'll call Tom first.
"Kulturmarxisme" er en antisemitisk hundefløjte.	"Cultural Marxism" is an antisemitic dog whistle.
"Alle liv betyder noget" er en hvid overherredømme-hundefløjte.	"All lives matter" is a white supremacist dog whistle.
Nazister bruger ofte hundefløjter i håb om, at de vil skabe forargelse, og bruger denne forargelse til at fremme deres propaganda.	Nazis often use dog whistles in the hopes that they will generate outrage, and use this outrage to further their propaganda.
Hundefløjtepolitik blev i vid udstrækning brugt af Richard Nixon som en del af det, der blev kendt som Southern Strategy.	Dog-whistle politics were employed extensively by Richard Nixon as part of what became known as the Southern Strategy.
"Lav-IQ" er en af ​​Donald Trumps yndlingshundefløjter.	"Low-IQ" is one of Donald Trump's favorite dog whistles.
Det ville være en skam at bryde denne dør ned.	It would be a shame to break down this door.
Du kan ikke tage en sætning på ét sprog og oversætte den til et andet, ord for ord.	You cannot take a sentence in one language and translate it into another, word for word.
Sådan fungerer sprog ikke.	Languages don't work like that.
Jeg skrev en check til Tom.	I wrote Tom a check.
Donald Trump er ikke bleg for at bruge et væld af antisemitiske hundefløjter på enhver jøde, der offentligt kritiserer ham.	Donald Trump is not shy about using a plethora of antisemitic dog whistles on any Jew who publicly criticizes him.
Der er et mærkeligt mærke på væggen.	There is a strange-looking mark on the wall.
Jeg besøgte Tom.	I went to visit Tom.
Det er meget udmattende arbejde.	It's very exhausting work.
Kan du beskrive din egen hånd for mig?	Can you describe the back of your hand to me?
Jeg ville slå Tom.	I wanted to hit Tom.
Jeg krydsede lokalet og kiggede ud af vinduet.	I crossed the room and looked out the window.
Jeg vil skræmme Tom.	I want to scare Tom.
Jeg slog igen til Tom.	I slapped Tom again.
Min drøm er at studere estisk i Tallinn.	My dream is to study Estonian in Tallinn.
Min drøm er at studere lettisk i Riga.	My dream is to study Latvian in Riga.
Min drøm er at studere litauisk i Vilnius.	My dream is to study Lithuanian in Vilnius.
Min drøm er at studere islandsk i Reykjavík.	My dream is to study Icelandic in Reykjavík.
Jeg formoder, at du kunne gøre det, hvis du ville.	I suppose you could do that if you wanted to.
Jeg så Tom i kirken.	I saw Tom at church.
Jeg ville give hvad som helst for at kunne være der.	I would give anything to be able to be there.
Jeg læste Toms brev.	I read Tom's letter.
Jeg vil prøve at forklare begge sider af dette problem.	I'll try to explain both sides of this issue.
Jeg løb væk fra Tom.	I ran away from Tom.
Jeg spekulerer på, hvordan de gjorde det, og hvem der står bag det.	I wonder how they did it and who's behind it.
Jeg vil tilbyde dig min beskyttelse, så længe jeg kan.	I'll offer you my protection as long as I can.
Jeg havde brug for at se Tom.	I needed to see Tom.
Min drøm er at studere russisk i Bishkek.	My dream is to study Russian in Bishkek.
Ingen vidste, hvorfor det var sket.	Nobody knew why that had happened.
Hvis vi ikke havde gjort det, ville en anden have gjort det.	If we hadn't done that, someone else would've.
Jeg havde brug for Toms hjælp.	I needed Tom's help.
Alle var i dårligt humør.	Everyone was in a bad mood.
Vi vidste alle, at guld var tungere end sølv.	We all knew that gold was heavier than silver.
Jeg kunne lide Toms video.	I liked Tom's video.
Min drøm er at studere ungarsk i Szeged.	My dream is to study Hungarian in Szeged.
Børnerim er bevidst inkonsistente tekster.	Nursery rhymes are deliberately inconsistent texts.
Jeg vil ikke have nogen på mit værelse, mens jeg er væk.	I don't want anybody in my room while I'm away.
Jeg gav Tom en småkage.	I gave Tom a cookie.
Jeg følte, at der skulle ske noget vigtigt.	I felt something important was going to happen.
Jeg sad ikke ved Tom.	I didn't sit by Tom.
Året gik hurtigt.	The year went by quickly.
Som elev skrev han digte.	As a student he wrote poems.
Kan du lide at bo i dette land?	Do you like living in this country?
Som studerende blev jeg interesseret i orientalske sprog.	As a student, I became interested in oriental languages.
Jeg gik op på mit værelse og kiggede ud af vinduet.	I went up to my room and looked out the window.
Jeg er ikke Toms kone.	I'm not Tom's wife.
Hun bruger for meget tid foran computeren.	She's spending too much time in front of the computer.
Hvis vi ikke havde gjort det, ville en anden have gjort det.	If we hadn't done that, somebody else would've.
Jeg plejede at date Tom.	I used to date Tom.
Jeg kiggede ud af vinduet og så intet.	I looked out the window and didn't see anything.
Jeg rejste mig for Tom.	I stood up for Tom.
Jeg gik ind i huset og snakkede med ejeren.	I went inside the house and talked to the owner.
Jeg sendte Tom en video.	I sent Tom a video.
Jeg har prøvet at gøre det, du har bedt mig om.	I've been trying to do what you've asked me to do.
Jeg red på Toms hest.	I rode Tom's horse.
Der er ingen ræsonnement med dem.	There's no reasoning with them.
Jeg tænkte ikke engang på, hvad jeg skulle gøre.	I didn't even think about what to do.
Jeg har lige handlet.	I just acted.
Jeg betalte Tom kontant.	I paid Tom in cash.
Med al respekt, det er en flok malarkey!	With all due respect, that's a bunch of malarkey!
Jeg har været frimærkesamler lige siden jeg var barn.	I've been a stamp collector ever since I was a kid.
Jeg elskede Toms digt.	I loved Tom's poem.
Min drøm er at studere oldgræsk i Athen.	My dream is to study Ancient Greek in Athens.
Min drøm er at studere æolisk græsk på Lesbos.	My dream is to study Aeolic Greek on Lesbos.
Jeg sad der i kort tid, for overrasket til at bevæge mig.	I sat there for a short time, too surprised to move.
Jeg kan godt lide Toms smil.	I like Tom's smile.
Jeg er ikke Toms mand.	I'm not Tom's husband.
Jeg er ikke Marys kone.	I'm not Mary's wife.
Jeg er Toms mand.	I'm Tom's husband.
Jeg er Marys kone.	I'm Mary's wife.
Jeg er Toms ægtefælle, og mine stedord er de/dem.	I'm Tom's spouse and my pronouns are they/them.
Jeg er Marys ægtefælle, og mine stedord er de/dem.	I'm Mary's spouse and my pronouns are they/them.
Jeg prøvede at åbne døren, men kunne ikke få den åbnet.	I tried to open the door, but couldn't get it opened.
Jeg kender Toms stemme.	I know Tom's voice.
Vi gik lange ture langs stranden i måneskin.	We took long walks along the beach in the moonlight.
Jeg har klaget over det, men intet har ændret sig.	I've been complaining about that, but nothing has changed.
Jeg gav Tom en skjorte.	I gave Tom a shirt.
Jeg ville ikke i børnehave, men min mor har skabt mig.	I didn't want to go to kindergarten, but my mother made me.
Jeg flirtede med Tom.	I flirted with Tom.
Jeg vil ikke tage skraldet ud.	I don't want to take the garbage out.
Jeg gider ikke vaske op.	I don't want to wash the dishes.
Jeg gider ikke tage opvasken.	I don't want to do the dishes.
Jeg har været ind og ud af hospitalet i de sidste par år.	I've been in and out of the hospital for the past few years.
Tom siger, at han er anarkist, men jeg har aldrig set ham tage opvasken.	Tom says he's an anarchist, but I've never seen him do the dishes.
Tom siger, at han er kommunist, men jeg har aldrig set ham tage opvasken.	Tom says he's a communist, but I've never seen him do the dishes.
Tom kan citere hver side af The Conquest of Bread, men jeg har aldrig set ham tage opvasken.	Tom can quote every page of The Conquest of Bread, but I've never seen him do the dishes.
Tom kender mig ikke.	Tom won't know me.
En babyræv kaldes et kit.	A baby fox is called a kit.
Drik ikke Kool-Aid.	Don't drink the Kool-Aid.
Jeg kan se, du drak open source Kool-Aid.	I see you drank the open-source Kool-Aid.
Jeg vil lave noget, der ligner Kool-Aid, men open source, som Open Cola, så folk bogstaveligt talt kan drikke open source Kool-Aid.	I want to make something similar to Kool-Aid but open-source, like Open Cola, so people can literally drink the open-source Kool-Aid.
Jeg kiggede ud af vinduet og så ikke noget ud over det sædvanlige.	I looked out the window and didn't see anything out of the ordinary.
Jeg fik Tom en taxa.	I got Tom a taxi.
Virkeligheden er kompliceret.	Reality is complicated.
Videnskab er kontraintuitivt.	Science is counterintuitive.
Skitpostering er ikke revolutionært.	Shitposting is not revolutionary.
Skitpostering er ikke en revolution.	Shitposting is not a revolution.
Jeg tror, ​​jeg er for gammel til hende.	I think I'm too old for her.
Hun fortalte mig, at jeg var for gammel til hende.	She told me I was too old for her.
Løft dit hoved op.	Lift your head up.
Tom vidste, at mange af bilerne på parkeringspladsen tilhørte studerende.	Tom knew that many of the cars in the parking lot belonged to students.
Jeg kommer her ikke tit.	I don't come here often.
Tom opdagede hurtigt, at han vidste mere om naturvidenskab end læreren.	Tom soon discovered that he knew more about science than the teacher.
Betragt dette som en ordre.	Consider this an order.
Jeg laver ikke så tit mad.	I don't cook very often.
Tom opdagede hurtigt, at han vidste mere om naturvidenskab end sin lærer.	Tom soon discovered that he knew more about science than his teacher.
Lad os afslutte denne ubehagelige samtale.	Let's end this unpleasant conversation.
Jeg har ikke en skjorte på.	I don't have a shirt on.
Tom har lejet denne lejlighed, men han bor ikke her.	Tom has been renting this apartment, but he doesn't live here.
Jeg vil ikke beholde den.	I don't want to keep it.
Jeg ved, at Tom ville mene, at det ikke ville være en god idé.	I know Tom would think doing that wouldn't be a good idea.
Jeg vil ikke skære nogen hjørner.	I won't cut any corners.
Der er kun én person, der kan gøre det, og det er Tom.	There's only one person who can do that, and that's Tom.
Jeg farer altid vild.	I'm always getting lost.
Jeg ved meget lidt om Bostons historie.	I know very little about the the history of Boston.
Jeg behøver ikke at hjælpe dig.	I don't have to help you.
Jeg ved ikke, hvor længe Tom bliver hos os.	I don't know how long Tom is going to stay with us.
Jeg vil ikke betale dig noget.	I won't pay you anything.
Tom kendte mange af de tømrere, der arbejdede der.	Tom knew many of the carpenters who worked there.
Nogen stjal mit kamera.	Somebody stole my camera.
Hvis det ikke regner, plejer Tom at gå til skole.	If it's not raining, Tom usually walks to school.
Jeg ønsker ikke at sælge dette.	I don't want to sell this.
Jeg sendte til en e-mail og spurgte ham, hvad han mente.	I sent Tom an e-mail, asking him what he thought.
Jeg har mødt din slags før.	I've met your kind before.
Tom vidste, at Mary havde gået på en privatskole.	Tom knew that Mary had gone to a private school.
Ingen ved, hvem der gjorde det.	No one knows who did that.
Tom ved ikke, hvor mange penge jeg brugte på det her.	Tom doesn't know how much money I spent on this.
Der var mange mennesker på banegården i morges.	There were a lot of people at the train station this morning.
Jeg undrer mig over, hvorfor så mange mennesker var i parken i eftermiddag.	I wonder why so many people were in the park this afternoon.
Jeg farer konstant vild.	I'm constantly getting lost.
Alle kiggede på Tom, som om han havde mistet forstanden.	Everyone looked at Tom as if he'd lost his mind.
Alle så på Tom, som om han havde mistet forstanden.	Everybody looked at Tom as if he'd lost his mind.
Jeg er ligeglad med, om jeg vinder eller ej.	I don't care if I win or not.
Tom ved ikke, hvor meget tid jeg brugte på det her.	Tom doesn't know how much time I spent on this.
Stalden ligger ved siden af ​​stationen.	The stable is next to the station.
Jeg vil virkelig gerne med dig.	I really want to go with you.
Du forstår tilsyneladende ikke fransk særlig godt.	You don't seem to understand French very well.
Tom havde ikke en medskyldig.	Tom didn't have an accomplice.
Ved du hvad et tandhjul er?	Do you know what a sprocket is?
Tom ved allerede, at du ikke kommer til at gøre det.	Tom already knows you aren't going to do that.
Hvordan vidste du, at det var sandt?	How did you know that was true?
Jeg synes, det tal burde være tredive tusinde.	I think that number should be thirty thousand.
Jeg vil gerne spise frokost med dig.	I'd like to eat lunch with you.
Jeg håbede virkelig, at Tom ville være her i aften.	I really was hoping Tom would be here tonight.
Jeg laver ikke mad så tit længere.	I don't cook very often anymore.
Jeg spurgte Tom, hvad der var galt, men han ignorerede mig.	I asked Tom what was wrong, but he ignored me.
Hvordan vidste du, at det ikke var sandt?	How did you know that wasn't true?
Toms kone klager ofte over hans snorken.	Tom's wife often complains about his snoring.
Jeg læser ikke så tit aviser.	I don't read magazines very often.
Tom ville vide præcis, hvorfor det skete.	Tom wanted to know exactly why that happened.
Der var intet, Tom kunne have gjort ved det.	There was nothing Tom could've done about it.
Alle vidste, at det ville være farligt.	Everyone knew it would be dangerous.
Jeg spekulerer på, om der er noget galt med Tom.	I wonder if there's something wrong with Tom.
Jeg har brug for at vide, hvem der gav dig dette.	I need to know who gave this to you.
Jeg sendte Tom til Boston for at hente noget til mig.	I sent Tom to Boston to get something for me.
Alle vidste, at det ville være farligt.	Everybody knew it would be dangerous.
Tom burde kende svaret på det spørgsmål.	Tom should know the answer to that question.
Jeg kommer her ikke så tit mere.	I don't come here very often anymore.
Jeg tror, ​​Tom ville følge enhver kommando, jeg gav.	I think Tom would follow any command I gave.
Jeg laver ikke mad om mandagen.	I don't cook on Mondays.
Det gør min søn.	My son does.
Tom ville vide præcis, hvorfor vi gjorde det.	Tom wanted to know exactly why we did that.
Du kan ikke efterlade os her alene.	You can't leave us here by ourselves.
Jeg vil virkelig gerne svømme med dig.	I really want to go swimming with you.
Tom vidste, at Mary havde gået på en privatskole.	Tom knew Mary had gone to a private school.
Se ikke ned!	Don't look down!
Du ved, hvad fastfood er, ikke?	You know what fast food is, don't you?
Jeg vidste ikke, hvad Tom ville være i stand til.	I didn't know what Tom would be able to do.
I morgen er min første dag på mit nye job.	Tomorrow is my first day at my new job.
Laver du sjov og taler ikke for alvor?	Are you kidding and not speaking in earnest?
Hitler var en af ​​de mest berygtede diktatorer.	Hitler was one of the most infamous dictators.
Nødvendigheden opmuntrer endda de frygtsomme.	Necessity even emboldens the timid.
Lad det stoppe!	Let it stop!
Gratis ost kan kun findes inde i en fælde.	Free cheese can only be found inside a trap.
Hvor mange børn skal der til festen?	How many children will be at the party?
Han skubbede hastigt sine ben ind i buksebenene og stak af barfodet.	He hastily shoved his legs into his pant legs and ran away barefoot.
Essensen af ​​romantikken er usikkerhed.	The essence of romanticism is uncertainty.
Hvilke dele af byen skal besøges?	What parts of the city have to be visited?
Din opgave er at lære flittigt.	Your job is to learn diligently.
Har palæstinensere ret til frit at bevæge sig rundt i deres eget land?	Do Palestinians have the right to freely move around their own country?
Jeg vågnede meget tidligt i morges.	I woke up very early this morning.
Udgiftsberegningen var for optimistisk.	The calculation of expenses was too optimistic.
Det er længe siden, jeg trænede.	It's been a long time since I worked out.
Udgiftsberegningerne havde været for optimistiske.	The calculations of expenses had been too optimistic.
Fri ost er sandsynligvis lokkemad.	Free cheese is likely to be bait.
Nødvendigheden hærder endda den frygtsomme.	Necessity even hardens the timid.
Hvordan ved vi, om vi har gjort det rigtigt?	How will we know if we've done it right?
Jeg fortalte Tom, at jeg ikke ville tage dertil.	I told Tom that I wouldn't go there.
Jeg er ikke Marys mand.	I'm not Mary's husband.
Jeg ved ikke, hvor lang tid det kommer til at tage.	I don't know how much time that's going to take.
Planlægger Tom virkelig at tage med dig?	Does Tom really plan to go with you?
Jeg ved, hvor meget tid det vil tage.	I know about how much time that's going to take.
Ingen ved, hvad der skete med Tom.	No one knows what happened to Tom.
Vi rejste med fly.	We traveled by plane.
Jeg ved, hvor lang tid det vil tage at gøre det.	I know about how much time it'll take to do that.
Jeg vidste, at Tom ville være væk hele dagen.	I knew Tom would be gone all day.
Hvad er den daglige takst.	What's the daily tariff.
Han er ligesom sin tvillingebror.	He's like his twin brother.
Jeg kan ikke lide melodramaer.	I don't like melodramas.
Der er mange bakker i denne region.	There are a lot of hills in this region.
Er det det eneste jeg mangler?	Is that the only thing I'm missing?
Jeg venter tålmodigt.	I'm waiting patiently.
Jeg vidste ikke, hvad Tom kunne gøre.	I didn't know what Tom could do.
Er der noget andet, du gerne vil have, jeg skal bringe til dig?	Is there something else you would like me to bring you?
Jeg ved ikke, hvordan man siger det på italiensk.	I don't know how to say it in Italian.
Han skal brødføde sin familie.	He has to feed his family.
Er der en mindre størrelse?	Is there a smaller size?
Det er nok at ville eksperimentere.	It's enough to want to experiment.
På mandag vil jeg have dig til at træne.	On Monday I want you to go training.
Desværre er jeg tvunget til at gøre det, uanset om jeg kan lide det eller ej.	Unfortunately I'm forced to do it regardless of whether I like it or not.
De knuste min sjæl.	They broke my soul.
Hun laver meget skarpe sving.	She does very sharp turns.
Du går altid ud uden at sige farvel!	You always go out without saying goodbye!
Han kunne ikke finde et job.	He couldn't find a job.
Det glæder mig, Tom.	My pleasure, Tom.
Kommer hun til festen?	Is she coming to the celebration?
Jeg havde ikke perforeret min billet.	I hadn't perforated my ticket.
Han ville ikke indrømme det.	He didn't want to admit it.
At du løj stod skrevet i hele dit ansigt.	The fact that you were lying was written all over your face.
Det gik perfekt.	It went perfectly.
Jeg er glad for, at jeg ikke er den eneste.	I'm happy I'm not the only one.
De nye huse har samme højde.	The new houses are the same height.
Der er for meget trafik her.	There's too much traffic here.
Jeg tror ikke, vi finder nogen, der vil gøre det for dig.	I don't think we'll find anyone who'll do that for you.
Tom ved meget om maskiner.	Tom knows a lot about machines.
Dette sted er vidunderligt.	This place is wonderful.
Jeg tror, ​​vi kan finde nogen, der er villig til at gøre det for dig.	I think we can find someone willing to do that for you.
Tom vidste, at han ikke havde noget valg.	Tom knew that he had no choice.
Jeg tror ikke, vi finder nogen, der kan gøre det for dig.	I don't think we'll find anyone who can do that for you.
Jeg sagde til Tom, at jeg ikke ville tage dertil.	I told Tom I wouldn't go there.
Vi tog nogle utrolige steder hen.	We went to some incredible places.
Jeg bruger ikke tandtråd så ofte, som min tandlæge siger, jeg skal.	I don't floss my teeth as often as my dentist says I should.
Vi behandlede ikke Tom godt.	We didn't treat Tom well.
Hvor stoppede du?	Where did you stop?
Jeg tror ikke, vi finder nogen, der er villige til at gøre det for dig.	I don't think we'll find anybody willing to do that for you.
Jeg tror ikke, Tom snorker.	I don't think Tom snores.
Mange mennesker, der har diabetes, ved ikke, at de har det.	Many people who have diabetes don't know that they have it.
Tom fortalte mig, at jeg var for gammel til ham.	Tom told me I was too old for him.
Ingen har formået at overleve.	Nobody has managed to survive.
Ingen siger noget?	Nobody is saying anything?
Mange mennesker, der har diabetes, ved ikke, at de har det.	Many people who have diabetes don't know they have it.
Jeg var gift med Tom i tre år.	I was married to Tom for three years.
Folk ved måske ikke engang, at de har sygdommen.	People may not even know that they have the disease.
Der er ingen dårlige katte, kun dårlige ejere.	There are no bad cats, only bad owners.
Der er ingen dårlige hunde, kun dårlige ejere.	There are no bad dogs, only bad owners.
Tom kender ikke sine klassekammerater godt.	Tom doesn't know his classmates well.
"Jeg tror ikke, jeg tager fejl i det her."	"I don't think I'm wrong about this."
"Jeg er ked af det, men du tager fejl."	"I'm sorry, but you are wrong."
Befri politihundene!	Free the police dogs!
Til at begynde med forsøgte min mor at hjælpe mig, men snart gav hun op.	Initially my mother tried to help me but soon she gave up.
Det er en fandens god hvalp, du har der.	That's a heckin' good pupper you got there.
Jeg vil ikke låne penge til nogen.	I won't lend money to anybody.
Vi ved meget lidt om, hvad der rent faktisk skete.	We know very little about what actually happened.
Tom vidste, at turen ville være farlig.	Tom knew the trip would be dangerous.
Det er implicit.	That's implicit.
Du behøver ikke at angive det eksplicit.	You don't need to state it explicitly.
Europa er en af ​​Jupiters satellitter.	Europa is one of the satellites of Jupiter.
Du ser ikke ud til at kunne lide at gøre det her.	You don't seem to like doing this very much.
Tom ved, at Mary er ekstremt træt.	Tom knows that Mary is extremely tired.
Hvilken slags mobiltelefon har du?	What kind of cell phone do you have?
Hvorfor fik jeg ikke noget?	Why didn't I get anything?
Jeg kører langsomt, fordi vi gerne vil se dyrene.	I'm driving slowly because we want to see the animals.
Læser jeg dette ord rigtigt?	Am I reading this word correctly?
Vi er gået.	We've left.
Begge indgange til rummet er bevogtede.	Both of the entrances to the room are guarded.
Jeg ringede til mine venner.	I called my friends.
Jeg vidste med det samme, at der var et problem.	I immediately knew that there was a problem.
Under Første Verdenskrig var hun en Barmhjertighedssøster.	During the First World War, she was a Sister of Mercy.
Kys mig ikke!	Don't kiss me!
Tom fortalte mig, at jeg var for gammel til ham.	Tom told me that I was too old for him.
Du og jeg er i form.	You and I are in shape.
Jeg kan høre Mary tale i telefon i det næste værelse.	I can hear Mary talking on the phone in the next room.
Vil du have et glas?	Do you want a glass?
Der er en på bordet.	There's one on the table.
Kan du oversætte det for mig?	Could you translate it for me?
Bilen er hans.	The car is his.
Hans nye roman udkommer om en måned.	His new novel will come out in a month.
Sokkerne er på udsalg.	The socks are on sale.
Tom vil have Mary til at være forsigtig.	Tom wants Mary to be careful.
Jeg ved ikke, hvad hans egentlige hensigter var.	I don't know what his real intentions were.
Jeg har min jakke på.	I'm wearing my jacket.
Den amerikanske kongres og højesteret vil forhindre ham i at tilegne sig for mange beføjelser til sig selv.	The U.S. Congress and Supreme Court want to prevent him from acquiring too many powers for himself.
Otte plus ti gør atten.	Eight plus ten makes eighteen.
Er der ketchup?	Is there ketchup?
Jeg beder dig hjælpe mig med det.	I'm asking you to help me with it.
Det regnede hele turen.	It rained the entire trip.
Du synes ikke at kunne lide det her særlig meget.	You don't seem to like this very much.
Olia skal til lægen.	Olia is going to the doctor.
Jeg var alene med Tom det meste af dagen.	I was alone with Tom for most of the day.
Drik din te, ellers bliver den kold.	Drink your tea or it will get cold.
Jeg har bestået eksamen.	I've passed the exam.
Jeg har bestået testen.	I've passed the test.
Heldigvis er det ikke alvorligt.	Fortunately, it isn't serious.
Ingen ved, hvem der affyrede det første skud.	Nobody knows who fired the first shot.
Du synes ikke at kunne lide det her i Boston.	You don't seem to like it here in Boston.
Ingen ved, hvem der affyrede det første skud.	No one knows who fired the first shot.
Jeg gik ind på Toms værelse for at se, hvad han lavede.	I went to Tom's room to see what he was doing.
I dag ved vi, at dette ikke er sandt.	Today, we know that this isn't true.
Tom vidste, at turen ville være farlig.	Tom knew that the trip would be dangerous.
Snart vil alle vide, at du er her.	Soon everyone will know you're here.
Jeg ville fortælle Tom om, hvad der var sket.	I wanted to tell Tom about what had happened.
Det var der ikke mange, der vidste om.	Not too many people knew about that.
Jeg gik ind på Toms værelse for at se, om han sov.	I went to Tom's room to see if he was asleep.
Min gamle ven er syg.	My old friend is sick.
Du er ikke studerende her, vel?	You're not a student here, are you?
Jeg stirrede på Tom, og han stirrede på mig.	I was staring at Tom and he was staring at me.
Du er ikke pensioneret endnu, vel?	You're not retired yet, are you?
Jeg ville ikke gifte mig med Tom, selvom han var den rigeste mand i verden.	I wouldn't marry Tom even if he were the richest man in the world.
Jeg ved intet om hekseri.	I know nothing about witchcraft.
Tom opdagede hurtigt, at han vidste mere om naturvidenskab, end hans lærer gjorde.	Tom soon discovered that he knew more about science than his teacher did.
Rastgelelik søgemaskine giver os mange muligheder for at søge efter et ord og et resultat.	Rastgelelik Search Engine provides us many option to search a word and result.
Hvilken situation forestillede du dig, hvor nogen ville sige det?	What situation did you imagine, in which someone would say that?
Hun bad dig søge.	She asked you to search.
Har du nogle kendte venner?	Do you have any famous friends?
Efter kampen gik Tom tilbage til omklædningsrummet uden at tale med nogen.	After the game, Tom went back to the locker room without speaking to anyone.
Jeg samlede min bil.	I totalled my car.
Tom opdagede hurtigt, at han kunne tale fransk bedre end sin fransklærer.	Tom soon discovered that he could speak French better than his French teacher.
Du skulle være hjemme for længe siden.	You were supposed to be home long ago.
Du skulle have været hjemme for længe siden.	You should have been home long ago.
Du må have været hjemme i et stykke tid nu.	You must have been home for a while now.
Disse aktiviteter er interessante, men farlige.	These activities are interesting but dangerous.
Nogle får krydsede vejen.	Some sheep crossed the road.
Jeg er ond.	I am evil.
Jeg er ond.	I am wicked.
Du er ond.	You are wicked.
Yankev er en opmærksom jøde.	Yankev is an observant Jew.
Esther er en opmærksom jøde.	Esther is an observant Jew.
Han er træt.	He is fed up.
Det begyndte at regne, da vi skulle skifte bildæk.	It started to rain when we were changing the car tire.
Jeg er ond.	I'm evil.
Jeg er ond.	I'm wicked.
Jeg er ikke god for dig.	I'm not good for you.
Jeg vil gerne spise frokost med dig.	I'd like to have lunch with you.
Det er næsten tre år siden, det skete.	It's been almost three years since that happened.
Jeg gik ind på Toms værelse for at finde ud af, hvad han lavede.	I went to Tom's room to find out what he was doing.
Politiet har ransaget Toms hus i tre timer, men de har ikke fundet noget endnu.	The police have been searching Tom's house for three hours, but they haven't found anything yet.
Politiet ransagede Toms hus i tre timer, men de fandt intet.	The police searched Tom's house for three hours, but they didn't find anything.
Vi ved ikke, hvad det skyldes.	We don't know what caused it.
Ingen ved rigtigt, hvor Tom Jackson blev født.	No one really knows where Tom Jackson was born.
Mange mennesker sagde, at de ikke vidste det.	Many people said they didn't know that.
Ingen ved præcis, hvornår Tom Jackson blev født.	No one knows exactly when Tom Jackson was born.
Ingen ved, hvad der fik det til at ske.	No one knows what caused that to happen.
Jeg vidste ikke, hvad Tom ville have gjort.	I didn't know what Tom wanted done.
Har vi noget ketchup?	Do we have any ketchup?
Er der ketchup tilbage?	Is there any ketchup left?
Giv venligst ketchuppen.	Please pass the ketchup.
Vi ved, at to hoveder er bedre end ét.	We know that two heads are better than one.
Mange sagde, at de ikke vidste det.	Many people said that they didn't know that.
Jeg ved ikke, hvad Tom vil have gjort.	I don't know what Tom wants done.
Jeg så Tom i kirken.	I saw Tom in church.
Alle ved, at to hoveder er bedre end ét.	Everyone knows that two heads are better than one.
Vidste du, hvad Tom lavede?	Did you know what Tom was doing?
Vi ved endnu ikke, hvor mange mennesker der døde i ulykken.	We don't yet know how many people died in the accident.
Jeg vidste, hvad Tom ville have gjort.	I knew what Tom wanted done.
Hvordan finder du den vin?	How do you find that wine?
Det er du tilfældigvis ikke, Tom, vel?	You aren't, by any chance, Tom, are you?
Han skrev selv bogen.	He wrote the book himself.
Skal han i supermarkedet?	Is he going to the supermarket?
Ikke at tale om noget gør det ikke mindre tilfældet.	Not talking about something doesn't make it any less the case.
Jeg har ikke meget tid til frokost.	I don't have much time for lunch.
Selvfølgelig er det sandt.	Of course it's true.
Sidder du nu?	Are you sitting now?
Mange mennesker synes at være interesserede i at kende svaret på det spørgsmål.	Many people seem to be interested in knowing the answer to that question.
Jeg ved, hvad Tom vil have gjort.	I know what Tom wants done.
En dag vil menneskeheden betale for at prøve at erobre Guds styrke.	One day humanity will pay for trying to conquer the strength of God.
Ingen kan tage dertil uden vores tilladelse.	Nobody can go there without our permission.
Jeg vidste, hvordan Tom havde det.	I knew how Tom felt.
Ingen ved rigtigt, om det var årsagen.	No one really knows if that was the reason.
Jeg tog det fra Tom.	I took that from Tom.
Ingen ved med sikkerhed, hvor det hele begyndte.	No one knows for sure where this all began.
Jeg prøvede at skyde Tom.	I tried to shoot Tom.
Ingen kan tage dertil uden vores tilladelse.	No one can go there without our permission.
Jeg vendte mig mod Tom.	I turned towards Tom.
Jeg ved, at dette er et stort problem for mange mennesker.	I know for many people this is a big issue.
Jeg ville ansætte Tom.	I wanted to hire Tom.
Vi vidste ikke rigtig hvorfor før for nylig.	We didn't really know why until recently.
Jeg ville fortælle det til Tom.	I wanted to tell Tom.
Ingen kan komme ind uden vores tilladelse.	Nobody can enter without our permission.
Jeg var alene med Tom.	I was alone with Tom.
Ingen kan komme ind uden vores tilladelse.	No one can enter without our permission.
Jeg var ked af Tom.	I was upset with Tom.
De fleste af os vidste det ikke på det tidspunkt.	Most of us didn't know that at the time.
Jeg gik ind på Toms værelse.	I went to Tom's room.
Jeg er ked af det, men jeg kan ikke gøre det for dig.	I'm sorry, but I can't do that for you.
Jeg vil gøre det her for Tom.	I'll do this for Tom.
Jeg vil vælte diktatoren.	I will overthrow the dictator.
Jeg tror, ​​at kunder grundlæggende er egoistiske, men hvis det (deres egoisme) fortsætter, så er det uudholdeligt.	I think customers are basically selfish but if it (their selfishness)continues then it is unbearable.
Byen Singapore er hovedstaden i Republikken Singapore.	The city of Singapore is the capital of the Republic of Singapore.
Jeg købte Tom nogle balloner.	I bought Tom some balloons.
Jeg købte nogle balloner til Tom.	I bought some balloons for Tom.
Mange går i kirke til jul.	Many people go to church on Christmas.
Jeg kører Tom dertil.	I'll drive Tom there.
Har du spørgsmål til dagens lektion?	Do you have any questions regarding today`s lesson?
Vær svedig	Be sweaty
Hvilken trist tilstand!	What a sad state!
Lykke til dem, der viser fortjeneste	Luck favours to those who show merit
Mange mennesker ved ikke, hvordan man gør det.	Many people don't know how to do that.
En kvindes hjerte er lige så let at ændre som en kats øjne.	A woman’s heart is as easy to change as a cat’s eyes。
Jeg dater stadig Tom.	I'm still dating Tom.
Jeg ved ikke rigtig hvad jeg skal købe.	I don't really know what I should buy.
Jeg henviste til Tom.	I was referring to Tom.
Jeg ved ikke rigtig, hvad jeg skal gøre.	I don't really know what I need to do.
Jeg gik med Tom.	I was walking with Tom.
Kom klokken to.	Come at two.
Det er der nok en sandhed i.	There probably is some truth to that.
Vi ved, at Tom er farlig.	We know Tom is dangerous.
Åh!	Oh!
Det var der allerede.	It was already there.
Jeg ved ikke rigtig, hvad jeg skal gøre.	I don't really know what I should do.
Jeg ved ikke rigtig, hvad jeg skal gøre nu.	I don't really know what I should be doing now.
Jeg vil også have Toms mening.	I want Tom's opinion, too.
På det tidspunkt vidste ingen, hvad de skulle gøre.	At the time, no one knew what to do.
Tom sagde, at han ville tage dertil i dag.	Tom said he'd go there today.
Alkoholisme ødelagde mit liv.	Alcoholism ruined my life.
Der er ikke mange, der ved, hvordan man gør det.	No many people know how to do that.
Vi ved, at Tom er farlig.	We know that Tom is dangerous.
Han påtager sig alt.	He assumes everything.
Han tager det på sig.	He takes it upon himself.
Hvor længe lever katte og hunde?	How long do cats and dogs live?
Ingen af ​​kvinderne vidste, hvad de skulle gøre.	None of the women knew what to do.
Han kunne ikke finde Marys hus.	He couldn't find Mary's house.
Det var tydeligt, at han løj.	It was clear he was lying.
Det var tydeligt, at han løj.	It was obvious he was lying.
Hun læste en bøn.	She read a prayer.
Nogle børn går ikke i skole.	Some children don't go to school.
Tom besluttede at tage tilbage til Australien.	Tom decided to go back to Australia.
Han er helt sikkert hjemme.	He's definitely at home.
Jeg så hans bil i hans garage.	I saw his car in his garage.
Skær ikke på dit helbred.	Don't scrimp on your health.
Hvad der er tabt, er tabt.	What's lost is lost.
Jeg foreslog, at vi skulle ud og drikke kaffe.	I suggested we go out for coffee.
Min chef havde bedt mig om at tage til Boston.	My boss had asked me to go to Boston.
Jeg foreslår, at vi går ud og drikker kaffe.	I suggest we go out for coffee.
Hvordan ville vi gøre det?	How would we go about doing that?
Vi havde egentlig ikke planlagt at tage til Boston.	We hadn't really planned to go to Boston.
Er I alle enige?	Do you all agree?
Har I alle planer om at komme med os?	Do you all plan to come with us?
Ved I alle, hvad I laver?	Do you all know what you're doing?
Vi ved ikke, hvorfor det skete.	We don't know why that happened.
Hvad synes I alle sammen?	What do you all think?
Synes I alle, at det er en god idé?	Do all of you think that this is a good idea?
Synes I alle, det er en god idé?	Do all of you think this is a good idea?
Hyggede I jer alle sammen?	Did you all enjoy yourselves?
Toms far vidste ikke, hvad han skulle stille op med ham.	Tom's father didn't know what to do with him.
Jeg er glad for, at du kommer.	I'm glad you're going to come.
Mange mennesker ved, hvordan man gør det.	Many people know how to do that.
Det var en af ​​grundene til, at vi besluttede at tage til Boston.	That was one reason we decided to go to Boston.
Jeg har ikke tænkt mig at gøre dette igen.	I don't intend to do this again.
Ingen ved med sikkerhed, hvornår Tom Jackson blev født.	No one knows for sure when Tom Jackson was born.
Det er vildt sejt.	That's wicked cool.
Hvordan gør du det?	How do you go about doing that?
Traktaten skal træde i kraft den første oktober.	The treaty is to go into effect on October first.
Det er fandme fedt.	That's hella cool.
Han tager sig af hende, og hun tager sig af ham.	He takes care of her, and she takes care of him.
De passer på hinanden.	They take care of each other.
Jeg ved, hvorfor det skete.	I know why that happened.
Tom kunne ikke gå nogen steder uden at blive genkendt.	Tom couldn't go anywhere without being recognized.
Ingen siger noget.	Nobody says anything.
Jeg vil ikke stikke min næse ind i din virksomhed.	I don't want to stick my nose into your business.
Hvorfor siger ingen noget?	Why doesn't anyone say anything?
Det bekymrede jeg mig om.	I worried about that.
Det var en af ​​grundene til, at vi besluttede at tage til Boston.	That was one of the reasons we decided to go to Boston.
Egernet klatrer i træet.	The squirrel is climbing the tree.
Det tror jeg er rigtigt.	I reckon that's true.
Jeg var overrasket over, at Tom ikke var bange for at tage dertil alene.	I was surprised Tom wasn't afraid to go there by himself.
Jeg regner med, at jeg går.	I reckon I'll go.
Jeg var overrasket over, at Tom ikke var bange for at tage dertil alene.	I was surprised that Tom wasn't afraid to go there by himself.
Jeg håber, han vil hjælpe os.	I hope he'll help us.
Teen var så varm, at jeg brændte min tunge.	The tea was so hot I burned my tongue.
Tom tog sin vielsesring af og puttede den i skjortelommen.	Tom took off his wedding ring and put it in his shirt pocket.
Ingen kunne komme ind.	No one could get in.
Ingen fortæller mig nogensinde noget.	Nobody ever tells me anything.
Hvorfor fortæller ingen mig noget?	Why doesn't anybody tell me anything?
Tom er begravet på en lille kirkegård lige uden for Boston.	Tom is buried in a small cemetery just outside of Boston.
Ingen kunne komme ind.	Nobody could get in.
Tom har været hos en psykiater i omkring et halvt år.	Tom has been seeing a psychiatrist for about half a year.
Hvordan kommer du dertil?	How do you get there?
Tom og jeg spiste aftensmad uden at sige et ord til hinanden.	Tom and I ate dinner without saying a word to each other.
Jeg nød din video.	I enjoyed your video.
Tom Jacksons første album fik ikke megen opmærksomhed.	Tom Jackson's first album didn't get a lot of attention.
Ingen kunne komme ud.	Nobody could get out.
Han irettesatte Maria for hendes uinteresse i alt, der ikke var hendes egen idé.	He chided Maria for her disinterest in anything that is not her own idea.
Tom har været bundet til sengen i de sidste tre måneder.	Tom has been confined to bed for the past three months.
Vi har fordelen.	We have the advantage.
Jeg kender ikke disse kvinder.	I don't know these women.
Jeg kender ikke disse damer.	I don't know these ladies.
Tom vil gerne vide, hvorfor Mary ikke ønskede at gøre det.	Tom wants to know why Mary didn't want to do that.
Men misforstå mig ikke.	But don't get me wrong.
Jeg datede Toms bror, før jeg begyndte at date ham.	I dated Tom's brother before I started dating him.
Jeg vil spise lige nu.	I want to eat right now.
Jeg datede Toms søster, før jeg begyndte at date ham.	I dated Tom's sister before I started dating him.
Jeg datede Toms bror, før jeg begyndte at date Tom.	I dated Tom's brother before I started dating Tom.
Det er svært at gøre dette.	It's difficult to do this.
Hans tale var tilfreds med dens nøjagtighed, lykke og flydende.	His speech was pleased by its accuracy, felicity, and fluency.
Jeg fangede Tom drikke bag skolebygningen.	I caught Tom drinking behind the school building.
Mit barnebarn er syv år gammel.	My grandson is seven years old.
Jeg elsker ham meget.	I love him very much.
Får du nogensinde hovedpine?	Do you ever get a headache?
Tom håbede på at komme til Boston før solen gik ned.	Tom hoped to get to Boston before the sun set.
Jeg håber ikke du kom til skade.	I hope you didn't get hurt.
Min bedstefar er nioghalvfems år gammel.	My grandfather is ninety-nine years old.
Tom blev arresteret, da han forlod sit hus.	Tom was arrested as he was leaving his house.
Hvor kan vi få noget mad?	Where can we get some food?
Når du tester i den grad, kommer du til at finde flere mennesker, finde flere sager.	When you test to that extent, you are going to find more people, find more cases.
Så jeg sagde til mine folk: "Gennem testningen, tak."	So I said to my people, "Slow the testing down, please."
Jeg gav Tom to småkager.	I gave Tom two cookies.
Ved du, hvad der sker med den republikaner, der lytter til videnskabsmændene?	You know what happens to that Republican who listens to the scientists?
Den dag mister den republikaner sin kampagnefinansiering fra Koch-brødrene og fossilindustrien.	On that day, that Republican loses his campaign funding from the Koch brothers and the fossil fuel industry.
Min far er født i Polen.	My dad was born in Poland.
Jeg ved lidt om indvandreroplevelsen.	I know a little bit about the immigrant experience.
Ingen har nogensinde bedt mig om min fødselsattest.	Nobody has ever asked me for my birth certificate.
Måske har det noget at gøre med min hudfarve.	Maybe it has something to do with the color of my skin.
Tom vil gerne vide, hvorfor Mary ville gøre det.	Tom wants to know why Mary wanted to do that.
Jeg gav min mor en rød rose.	I gave my mother a red rose.
Foreningen af ​​to sæt kan være smuk, selv når der ikke er nogen logisk forbindelse mellem dem.	The union of two sets can be beautiful even when there is no logical connection between them.
Jeg vil væk fra Boston så hurtigt som muligt.	I want to get out of Boston as soon as I can.
Jeg gav tjeneren et godt tip.	I gave the waiter a good tip.
Tom vil gerne vide, hvorfor Mary vil gøre det.	Tom wants to know why Mary wants to do that.
Jeg vil spise noget andet.	I want to eat something else.
Børn må ikke bruge for meget tid foran skærme.	Children must not spend too much time in front of screens.
Tom vil gerne vide, hvorfor Mary ikke gjorde det.	Tom wants to know why Mary didn't do that.
Nogle mennesker blev endda voldelige.	Some people even got violent.
Jeg fandt Toms pistol gemt under hans seng.	I found Tom's pistol hidden under his bed.
Nogle mennesker blev virkelig vrede.	Some people got really angry.
Jeg kørte til Toms hus så hurtigt jeg kunne.	I drove to Tom's house as fast as I could.
Vil situationen blive værre?	Will the situation get worse?
Jeg vil forlade Boston, så snart jeg kan.	I want to leave Boston as soon as I can.
Bare fortæl mig, hvor mange penge du har brug for.	Just tell me how much money you need.
Jeg bukkede Tom.	I gave Tom a bow.
Jeg vil gerne holde mine hænder rene.	I want to keep my hands clean.
Jeg gav Tom et stykke papir at skrive på.	I gave Tom a piece of paper to write on.
"Jeg har ondt i ryggen, så jeg skal til en kiropraktor."	"I'm having back pain, so I'm seeing a chiropractor."
"Nå, drik ikke Kool-Aid."	"Well, don't drink the Kool-Aid."
Vi kunne ikke komme hurtigt frem.	We couldn't get there quickly.
"Jeg skal til AA, så jeg har andet at lave end at drikke."	"I'm going to AA so I have something to do other than drink."
"OK, det lyder godt, men drik ikke Kool-Aid."	"OK, sounds good, but don't drink the Kool-Aid."
Jeg vil aldrig forlade Australien igen.	I never want to leave Australia again.
Jeg gav en rød rose til min mor.	I gave a red rose to my mother.
Vil de fortælle mig sandheden?	Will they tell me the truth?
Den store bustard er Europas tungeste flyvende fugl.	The great bustard is Europe's heaviest flying bird.
Tom er en scalawag.	Tom is a scalawag.
Tom er en house nigger.	Tom is a house nigger.
Tom er en tæppeposer.	Tom is a carpetbagger.
Tom vil med os til Australien.	Tom wants to go to Australia with us.
Jeg håber, jeg kan få økonomisk støtte.	I hope I can get financial aid.
Kori-trappen er verdens tungeste flyvende fugl.	The kori bustard is the world's heaviest flying bird.
Tom vil med mig til Australien.	Tom wants to go to Australia with me.
Jeg vil drikke noget andet.	I want to drink something else.
Rosa er portugisisk, men hun bor i Frankrig.	Rosa is Portuguese, but she lives in France.
Det er altid sjovt at hænge ud med Tom.	It's always fun to hang out with Tom.
Han er helt sikkert yngre end tredive.	He's for sure younger than thirty.
Hendes ord gjorde mig modløs.	Her words disheartened me.
Er det vigtigt, hvad du siger?	Is what you are saying important?
Det var svært at finde et job.	It was difficult to find a job.
Din bluse er smuk.	Your blouse is beautiful.
Min mor taler ikke så godt engelsk.	My mum doesn't speak English very well.
Jeg tørrer mit ansigt.	I'm wiping my face.
Hold godt fast, ellers falder du!	Hold on tight or you will fall!
Han blev offer for sin egen ambition.	He became the victim of his own ambition.
Det er ikke nok til argumentation.	It's not enough for argumentation.
Jeg skal tilbage til kontoret.	I have to return to the office.
Sidst jeg så ham var for en uge siden.	The last time I saw him was a week ago.
Denne bog er fra skolens bibliotek.	This book is from the school's library.
Han tog et par puder for at hvile sit hoved.	He took a few pillows to rest his head.
Dit hår er meget rodet.	Your hair is very messy.
Løs det.	Fix it.
Problemet er, at hun ikke har erfaring.	The problem is that she doesn't have experience.
Han tog den tunge æske fra hylden.	He took the heavy box from the shelf.
Behøvede du virkelig at gå?	Did you really need to walk?
Hun og jeg er fuldstændige modsætninger.	She and I are complete opposites.
Hvorfor kan du ikke bygge snemænd ved siden af ​​kirken?	Why can't you build snowmen next to the church?
Jeg skal være hjemme inden klokken otte.	I have to be home before eight o'clock.
Jeg elsker historier med en lykkelig slutning.	I love stories with a happy ending.
Læg ikke noget oven på kassen!	Don't put anything on top of the box!
Tom vil gerne vide, hvorfor Mary gjorde det.	Tom wants to know why Mary did that.
Nogle elever fik fri hele ugen.	Some students got all week off.
Tom vil med os til søen.	Tom wants to go to the lake with us.
Jeg håber ikke du kom til skade.	I hope that you didn't get hurt.
Tom og jeg kom ind i en råbekamp.	Tom and I got into a shouting match.
Det vil jeg gerne gøre igen en dag.	I want to do that again someday.
Jeg fløj tilbage til Boston sidste weekend.	I flew back to Boston last weekend.
Alle forsøgte at komme ind på én gang.	Everyone tried to get in at once.
Du kan få flere detaljer fra Tom.	You can get more details from Tom.
Hvordan fik Wall Street sit navn?	How did Wall Street get its name?
Tom vil gerne til Boston med os.	Tom wants to go to Boston with us.
Alle forsøgte at komme ind på én gang.	Everybody tried to get in at once.
Tom vil med mig til Boston.	Tom wants to go to Boston with me.
Det er altid sjovt at klæde sig ud.	It's always fun to get dressed up.
Find noget at lave.	Find something to do.
Tom ville vide, hvad jeg tænkte.	Tom wanted to know what I thought.
Der var kun én måde at gøre det på.	There was only one way to do that.
Hvor kan vi få noget at spise?	Where can we get something to eat?
Vi vil ikke være i stand til at komme i nærheden af ​​Tom.	We won't be able to get near Tom.
Pas på ikke at få for meget sol.	Be careful not to get too much sun.
Tom vil i seng lige nu.	Tom wants to go to bed right now.
Jeg håber ikke du kom i problemer.	I hope you didn't get into trouble.
Ingen ved præcis, hvor Tom Jackson blev født.	No one knows exactly where Tom Jackson was born.
Ingen ved præcis, hvor Tom Ashur blev født.	No one knows exactly where Tom Ashur was born.
Tom vil gerne derhen alene.	Tom wants to go there by himself.
Mange af forældrene blev meget vrede.	Many of the parents got very angry.
Ingen ved præcis, hvor Toma bar Yonan blev født.	No one knows exactly where Toma bar Yonan was born.
Tom vil svømme med os.	Tom wants to go swimming with us.
Vi besluttede for nylig at blive gift.	We recently decided to get married.
Der er en rede i træhulen.	There's a nest in the tree hollow.
Tom vil på ski med Mary.	Tom wants to go skiing with Mary.
Jeg gav alle kunderne rabat.	I gave all the customers a discount.
Vi prøver at redde Toms liv.	We're trying to save Tom's life.
Jeg håber, at jeg kan få økonomisk støtte.	I hope that I can get financial aid.
Tom vil med til Marys fest.	Tom wants to go to Mary's party.
Sten får deres farve fra mineraler.	Rocks get their color from minerals.
Min lærer bebrejdede mig for at være doven.	My teacher reproached me for being lazy.
Jeg ville ikke slås med Tom.	I didn't want to fight with Tom.
Du kan ikke få meget bedre end det.	You can't get much better than that.
Ingen kunne komme ud.	No one could get out.
Tom er altid lidt irritabel om morgenen, inden han drikker sin første kop kaffe.	Tom is always a little irritable in the morning before he drinks his first cup of coffee.
Hvor længe lever katte?	How long do cats live?
Tom havde ikke nøglen til kontoret, så han ventede på, at pedellen åbnede den for ham.	Tom didn't have the key to the office, so he waited for the janitor to open it for him.
Hvor længe lever hunde?	How long do dogs live?
Tom er altid lidt irritabel om morgenen, før han får sin første kop kaffe.	Tom is always a little irritable in the morning before he has his first cup of coffee.
Tom gjorde mange indkøb.	Tom made many purchases.
Du skulle have været hjemme klokken 14.30.	You should've been home by 2:30.
Tom lignede ham på billedet, som politibetjenten viste os.	Tom looked just like the guy in the picture that the police officer showed us.
Jeg afleverer telefonen til hende.	I'll hand over the phone to her.
Tror du, vi har en chance?	Do you think we have a chance?
Han krydsede ulovligt grænsen.	He illegally crossed the border.
Om et par minutter har jeg et møde med direktøren.	In a few minutes, I have a meeting with the director.
Mary spillede polkaer og valse, og børnene dansede.	Mary played polkas and waltzes, and the children danced.
Undskyld, jeg tænkte.	Sorry, I was thinking.
Jeg læste ikke resten.	I didn't read the rest.
Han kan også deltage i spillet.	He can also participate in the game.
Det, Tom fortalte dig, er korrekt.	What Tom told you is correct.
Jeg kan ikke lide små hunde.	I don't like small dogs.
Jeg ser ud til at have kørt nogen over.	I seem to have run someone over.
Jeg ser ud til at have kørt over nogen.	I seem to have run over someone.
Jeg ser ud til at have ramt nogen.	I seem to have hit someone.
Tro på Gud og tro også på mig.	Believe in God and believe also in me.
Han gør alt i sidste øjeblik.	He does everything at the last minute.
Det vil formentlig regne efter frokost.	It will probably rain after lunch.
Det vil formentlig regne i eftermiddag.	It will probably rain this afternoon.
Jeg spiller.	I'm playing.
Jeg håber, at denne drøm ikke er et mareridt.	I hope this dream is not a nightmare.
Lykkelige er de, der arbejder for fred; Gud vil kalde dem sine børn!	Happy are those who work for peace; God will call them his children!
Dette er umuligt for mennesker, men for Gud er alt muligt.	This is impossible for human beings, but for God everything is possible.
Men når du beder, skal du tro og slet ikke tvivle.	But when you pray, you must believe and not doubt at all.
Skal du i supermarkedet?	Are you going to the supermarket?
Tom arbejdede deltid på en fastfood-restaurant, mens han gik på college.	Tom worked part-time at a fast-food restaurant while he was in college.
Hvis du er Guds søn, så beordr denne sten at blive til brød.	If you are God's Son, order this stone to turn into bread.
Det er ved tro, at vi forstår, at universet blev skabt af Guds ord, så det, der kan ses, blev lavet ud af det, der ikke kan ses.	It is by faith that we understand that the universe was created by God's word, so that what can be seen was made out of what cannot be seen.
Jeg havde ikke tid til at klæde mig ud.	I didn't have time to get dressed up.
Vor Fader i himlen: må dit hellige navn æres.	Our Father in heaven: may your holy name be honored.
Tom steg ud af sin lastbil for at se, hvad der lå i siden af ​​vejen.	Tom got out of his truck to see what was lying on the side of the road.
Så kom Jakob og Johannes, Zebedæus' sønner, til Jesus.	Then James and John, the sons of Zebedee, came to Jesus.
"Lærer," sagde de, "der er noget, vi ønsker, at du skal gøre for os."	“Teacher,” they said, “there is something we want you to do for us.”
Bring mig en cola.	Bring me a Coke.
Nogle børn får et ugentligt tillæg.	Some children get a weekly allowance.
Tom vil tilbage på arbejde, så snart han kommer ud af hospitalet.	Tom will be going back to work as soon as he gets out of the hospital.
Du skal derud med det samme.	You need to get out there right away.
Tom tog kassen med i kælderen og lagde den oven på de andre kasser.	Tom took the box to the basement and put it on top of the other boxes.
Du skulle være hjemme klokken 14.30.	You were supposed to be home by 2:30.
Tom troede ikke, at han ville komme ud af den brændende bygning i live.	Tom didn't think that he'd make it out of the burning building alive.
Jeg gav rabat til alle kunder.	I gave a discount to all the customers.
Tom gik i supermarkedet for at købe is og kage til festen.	Tom went to the supermarket to buy ice cream and cake for the party.
Langsomt og bevidst rystede han på hovedet.	Slowly and deliberately, he shook his head.
Stammerne af flere træer, der er blæst ned af stormen, ligger i kanten af ​​lysningen.	The trunks of several trees blown down by the storm are lying at the edge of the clearing.
Hun fandt hurtigt nyt håb.	She soon found fresh hope.
Hendes håb genoplivede snart.	Her hopes soon revived.
Hun fandt hurtigt håbet igen.	She soon found hope again.
Han talte med en dyb, kvækkende stemme.	He spoke with a deep, croaky voice.
Han smækkede døren med et højt brag.	He slammed the door shut with a loud bang.
For hende var rejser blot en nødvendighed snarere end et mål i sig selv.	For her, travelling was merely a necessity rather than an end in itself.
Det regnede uafbrudt hele sidste uge.	It rained non-stop all last week.
Han gentog hendes ord papegøje-mode.	He repeated her words parrot-fashion.
Han gentog hendes ord papegøje-mode.	He was repeating her words parrot-fashion.
Hendes sang rørte lytterne til tårer.	Her singing moved the listeners to tears.
Hun tog plads ved bordet, skænkede sig et glas hvidvin og ventede.	She took her place at the table, poured herself a glass of white wine and waited.
Han satte sig ved bordet, skænkede sig et glas hvidvin og ventede.	He sat down at the table, poured himself a glass of white wine and waited.
Nogle forfattere tager afstand fra deres tidlige værker.	Some authors distance themselves from their early work.
Det lover ikke godt.	It doesn't bode well.
Det tegner ikke godt.	It doesn't augur well.
Hun forsøgte at tæmme sine flydende lokker med et Alice-band.	She tried to tame her flowing locks with an Alice band.
Hun forsøgte at tæmme sine flydende lokker med et hårbånd.	She was trying to tame her flowing locks with a hairband.
Hun forsøgte at tæmme sine flydende lokker med et hårbånd.	She tried to tame her flowing locks with a hairband.
Du har brede skuldre.	You've got broad shoulders.
De har brede skuldre.	They've got broad shoulders.
Hun smed et blåt håndklæde over skulderen.	She slung a blue towel over her shoulder.
Det var nemmere, end det først så ud.	It was easier than it first appeared.
Det var nemmere, end det så ud ved første øjekast.	It was easier than it seemed at first glance.
Faktisk var de her hele vinteren.	Actually, they were here all winter.
Hendes blik forblev fast, mens hendes blege læber langsomt bevægede sig fra hinanden for at svare.	Her gaze remained fixed as her pale lips slowly moved apart to answer.
Huset ligger kun få meter fra gaden.	The house is just a few metres away from the street.
Normalt er jeg punktlig.	Normally I'm punctual.
Jeg er normalt til tiden.	I'm normally on time.
Har du boet her længe?	Have you been living here for long?
Har du boet her længe?	Have you lived here for a long time?
Hvornår kommer du hjem i dag?	When are you coming home today?
Du spiser ikke nok grøntsager.	You don't eat enough vegetables.
Du spiser for få grøntsager.	You eat too few vegetables.
Det var ikke særlig varmt i nat.	It wasn't very warm last night.
I nat var det ikke særlig varmt.	Last night wasn't very warm.
Ja, det er rigtigt.	Yes, that's right.
Har du ikke et fjernsyn?	Haven't you got a telly?
Har du ikke et fjernsyn?	Haven't you got a television?
Har du ikke et fjernsyn?	Don't you have a telly?
Har du ikke et fjernsyn?	Don't you have a television?
Hvor skal vi ændre os?	Where do we have to change?
Hvor skal vi ændre os?	Where have we got to change?
Min mand er luxembourger.	My husband is a Luxembourger.
Min kone er luxembourger.	My wife is a Luxembourger.
Pauls grand-nan har skrevet en masse bøger.	Paul's great-nan has written a lot of books.
Pauls oldemor har skrevet mange bøger.	Paul's great-grandma has written many books.
Pauls oldemor har skrevet en hel del bøger.	Paul's great-granny has written a great deal of books.
Fru Schneiders nabo har et hus i Provence.	Mrs Schneider's neighbour's got a house in Provence.
Fru Schneiders nabo har et hus i Provence.	Mrs Schneider's neighbour has a house in Provence.
Det er vigtigt at få nok motion.	It's important to get enough excercise.
Min bedstefar købte sig en anstændig cykel, men nåede ikke at bruge den.	My grandad bought himself a decent bike, but didn't get round to using it.
Min bedstefar købte sig en god cykel, men fik den ikke brugt.	My grandad bought himself a good bicycle, but didn't get to use it.
Tom ved endnu ikke, hvor længe han bliver nødt til at blive i Boston.	Tom doesn't yet know how long he's going to have to stay in Boston.
Min bedstefar købte sig en god cykel, men fik den ikke med på sin jomfrurejse.	My grandfather bought himself a good bicycle, but didn't get to take it on its maiden voyage.
Min bedstefar købte sig en god cykel, men kunne ikke bruge den for første gang.	My grandfather bought himself a good bicycle, but wasn't able to use it for the first time.
Tom kørte på cykel ind i en boghandel og styrtede ind på hylderne.	Tom rode his bike into a bookshop and crashed into the shelves.
"Jeg har endelig lært.	"I've finally learnt.
Jeg kan endelig cykle!"	I can finally ride a bike!"
"Sent, men bedre sent end aldrig, ikke?	"Late, but better late than never, eh?
Lad os så se, Tom!	Let's see then, Tom!
Hop på og kør lidt på den!"	Hop on and ride it a bit!"
"Jeg har endelig lært.	"I've finally learnt.
Jeg kan endelig cykle!"	I can finally ride a bike!"
"Sent, men bedre sent end aldrig, ikke?	"Late, but better late than never, eh?
Lad os så se, Tom!	Let's see then, Tom!
Hop op på sadlen og tag den en tur!"	Hop on the saddle and take it for a spin!"
"Bedstefar!	"Grandad!
Jeg kan endelig cykle!"	I can finally ride a bike!"
"Med stabilisatorer?"	"With stabilisers?"
"Nej, uden!"	"No, without!"
"Jeg tror først på det, når jeg ser det med mine egne øjne."	"I'll only believe it when I see it with my own eyes."
Tom steg af sin cykel.	Tom dismounted from his bicycle.
Det er nødvendigt for dig at se en læge.	It's necessary for you see a doctor.
Måske får jeg en af ​​dem til sidst.	Maybe I'll eventually get one of those.
Tom bar et slips på arbejde i går, men normalt har han ikke et.	Tom wore a tie to work yesterday, but usually he doesn't wear one.
Det tager mig 20 minutter at komme til stationen med taxa.	It'll take me 20 minutes to get to the station by taxi.
Det er desværre rigtigt.	It's unfortunately true.
Jeg fik betalt et par dollars for at gøre det.	I got paid a few dollars for doing that.
Tom forsøger altid at finde på en ny måde at tjene flere penge på.	Tom is always trying to come up with a new way to make more money.
Har du ikke et tv?	Don't you have a TV?
Har du virkelig ikke et tv?	Do you really not have a TV?
Hvornår har du sidst set tv?	When was the last time you watched TV?
Jeg håber, at du ikke kom i problemer.	I hope that you didn't get into trouble.
Tom blev anholdt i går eftermiddags og tilbragte natten i fængsel.	Tom was arrested yesterday afternoon and spent the night in jail.
Jeg elsker historier med lykkelige slutninger.	I love stories with happy endings.
Det er dem, der vil gå.	They're the ones who want to go.
Der er noget mælk i køleskabet.	There's some milk in the fridge.
Jeg blev advaret om dig.	I was warned about you.
Du skulle have været hjemme for længe siden.	You should've been home a long time ago.
Der er tre æbler i denne æske.	There are three apples in this box.
Tom arbejdede på deltid på en fastfood-restaurant i tre måneder.	Tom worked part-time at a fast-food restaurant for three months.
På dine fødder nu, Ungarn ringer til dig!	On your feet now, Hungary calls you!
Nu er øjeblikket, nu eller aldrig!	Now is the moment, now or never!
Du jager ham ud af døren, men han kravler ind gennem vinduet.	You chase him out the door, but he climbs in through the window.
Har du set min røde skjorte?	Have you seen my red shirt?
"Hvor mange måltider spiser du på en dag?"	"How many meals do you eat in a day?"
"Mindst en, højst tre."	"At least one, at most three."
Må jeg få en bolle til min kaffe?	Can I have a bun with my coffee?
Hvorfor taler du ikke med ham?	Why aren't you talking to him?
Trolleybussen ankom til tiden.	The trolleybus arrived on time.
Jeg glemte russisk var dit modersmål.	I forgot Russian was your native language.
Jeg glemte russisk var dit modersmål.	I forgot Russian was your mother tongue.
Hvad vil jeg tale om?	What do I want to talk about?
Folkene inde i rummet kunne ikke komme ud.	The people inside the room couldn't get out.
Jeg slog Toms næse, og det begyndte at bløde.	I punched Tom's nose and it started bleeding.
Tom har det bedre med sine klassekammerater, end han plejede.	Tom is getting along better with his classmates than he used to.
Vidste du, at grise kan blive solskoldede?	Did you know that pigs can get sunburned?
Tom er fra en lille by omkring tre hundrede kilometer herfra.	Tom is from small town about three hundred kilometers from here.
De fleste mennesker fik nogle af deres penge tilbage.	Most people got some of their money back.
Jeg går herfra til togstationen.	I walk from here to the train station.
Tom fik en billet for at parkere sin bil foran en brandhane.	Tom got a ticket for parking his car in front of a fire hydrant.
Jeg forbyder dig at fornærme ham.	I forbid you to insult him.
Toget skulle ankomme til Osaka klokken ti.	The train should arrive at Osaka at ten.
Nogle inficerede mennesker bliver aldrig engang syge.	Some infected people never even get sick.
Selv de største konger går på toilettet til fods.	Even the greatest kings go to the toilet on foot.
Tom ved ikke, hvor længe han bliver nødt til at blive i Boston.	Tom doesn't know how long he's going to have to stay in Boston.
Kender du til nogen homoseksuelle klubber?	Do you know of any gay clubs?
Jeg sover altid til otte.	I always sleep till eight.
Du skulle være hjemme inden mørkets frembrud.	You were supposed to be home before dark.
Tom gik alene i parken om natten, da han blev ranet.	Tom was walking in the park alone at night when he got mugged.
Jeg får en månedlig ydelse fra mine forældre.	I get a monthly allowance from my parents.
Tom var ikke i stand til at pakke alt, hvad han havde brug for, i sin kuffert.	Tom wasn't able to pack everything he needed in his suitcase.
Vi har en ægte, dødbringende folkesundhedskrise på vores hænder, og Donald Trump er mere bekymret over statuer og relikvier fra konføderationen og slaveriet, end han er det amerikanske folks overlevelse.	We have a real, deadly public health crisis on our hands, and Donald Trump is more concerned about statues and relics of the Confederacy and slavery than he is the survival of the American people.
Det var ham, der knækkede vasen.	It was him who broke the vase.
De fleste mennesker bliver ikke syge af virussen.	Most people don't get sick from the virus.
Tom var på vej hjem fra arbejde, da han blev ramt af en lastbil.	Tom was on his way home from work when he was hit by a truck.
Det er alt, hvad de fleste mennesker ved om dette.	That's all that most people know about this.
Tom siger, at han vil giftes, inden han fylder tredive.	Tom says that he wants to get married before he turns thirty.
Jeg kan ikke huske hvornår jeg sidst har spist så lækker mad.	I can't remember when I last ate such delicious food.
Jeg kan ikke glemme de øjne.	I can't forget those eyes.
Jeg gav den fremmede anvisninger til museet.	I gave the stranger directions to the museum.
Tom kom i slagsmål med nogen efter festen i går aftes.	Tom got into a fight with someone after the party last night.
Spørg ikke om noget.	Don't ask about anything.
Du skal slukke cigaretten.	You must put out the cigarette.
Du skal slukke cigaretten.	You have to put out the cigaret.
Det vil jeg tale med sektionslederen om.	I'll speak to the section manager about that.
Tom var ikke i stand til at få alt, hvad han havde brug for i sin kuffert.	Tom wasn't able to get everything he needed in his suitcase.
Er jeg stadig nødvendig, eller kan jeg gå i seng?	Am I still needed, or can I go to bed?
Er der stadig nogen der har brug for mig i dag, eller kan jeg gå i seng?	Does anyone still need me today, or can I go to bed?
Vi mødtes til en vens bryllup.	We met at a friend's wedding.
Jeg har altid drømt om at blive astronaut.	I've always dreamed of becoming an astronaut.
Tom boede sammen med tre andre studerende, da han gik på college.	Tom lived with three other students when he was in college.
Jeg kom ikke i seng før 02.30 om morgenen.	I didn't get to bed until 2:30 in the morning.
Tom er fra en lille by omkring tre hundrede miles herfra.	Tom is from small town about three hundred miles from here.
Du er lige så smuk, som du var for tyve år siden.	You are as beautiful as you were twenty years ago.
Jeg husker ikke hans navn mere.	I don't remember his name anymore.
Han hakker ude i haven.	He's hoeing outside in the garden.
Ingen kan komme herind uden vores tilladelse.	No one can come in here without our permission.
Han er en ven af ​​en af ​​mine veninder.	He is a friend of one of my female friends.
Tom ved endnu ikke, hvor længe han skal blive i Boston.	Tom doesn't yet know how long he'll have to stay in Boston.
Det er en familietradition.	That's a family tradition.
Ingen kan komme herind uden vores tilladelse.	Nobody can come in here without our permission.
Tom henvendte sig til politibetjenten og bad om hjælp.	Tom approached the police officer and requested assistance.
Hvor fik du ideen om, at du er en taber?	Where did you get the idea that you're a loser?
Tom gik til posthuset for at sende en pakke til en ven.	Tom went to the post office to send a package to a friend.
Vi er alle vegetarer i min familie.	We're all vegetarian in my family.
Hvor længe lever en kat?	How long does a cat live?
Du ved, der er nok en sandhed i det.	You know, there probably is some truth to that.
Tom talte med en i nærheden af ​​porten for ikke så længe siden.	Tom was talking to someone near the gate not too long ago.
Han er musiker og spiller flere instrumenter.	He's a musician and plays several instruments.
Vores husleje er for dyr, så vi leder efter en anden lejlighed.	Our rent is too expensive, so we're looking for another apartment.
Jeg blev ikke gift, før jeg var i trediverne.	I didn't get married until I was in my thirties.
I er mænd.	You are men.
Tom var på basketballholdet, da han gik i gymnasiet.	Tom was on the basketball team when he was in high school.
Jeg ved, at dette er et stort problem for mange mennesker.	I know that for many people this is a big issue.
Tom forsøgte at dræbe sig selv ved at køre sin bil ind i en væg.	Tom tried to kill himself by crashing his car into a wall.
Hvem var hjemme?	Who was at home?
Min mor er stolt af mig.	My mother is proud of me.
Jeg ved virkelig ikke, hvor mange sange jeg har skrevet.	I really don't know how many songs I've written.
Tom blev bare ved med at se den samme video igen og igen.	Tom just kept watching the same video over and over again.
Dette kan fortsætte i dage, uger eller endda måneder.	This could go on for days, weeks or even months.
Jeg ved ikke, hvor længe jeg bliver nødt til at blive i Boston.	I don't know how long I'm going to have to stay in Boston.
Dette er den eneste vej at gå.	This the only way to go.
Vi burde holde op med at ryste!	We should stop dithering!
Jeg sender dig en sms, så snart jeg ankommer til lufthavnen.	I'll send you a text as soon as I arrive at the airport.
Du skal have tilladelse, men det er nemt at få.	You need to get permission, but it's easy to get.
Tom var på vej i skole, da han blev bidt af en hund.	Tom was on his way to school when he was bitten by a dog.
Han taler fransk med engelsk accent.	He speaks French with an English accent.
Hvordan ved du, hvordan man udtaler et navn eller et ord?	How do you know how to pronounce a name or a word?
Tom blev fundet skyldig i mord og blev idømt livsvarigt.	Tom was found guilty of murder and was sentenced to life.
Kunstnere er meget kreative mennesker.	Artists are very creative people.
De har altid en masse ideer.	They always have a lot of ideas.
Jeg startede dette firma for flere år siden.	I started this company several years ago.
Jeg betalte tredive dollars for dette.	I paid thirty dollars for this.
Tom vidste, at han ikke havde meget tid til at gøre det færdigt.	Tom knew he didn't have much time to finish doing that.
Tom vidste, at han ikke havde meget tid til at gøre det færdigt.	Tom knew that he didn't have much time to finish doing that.
Folk venter længere på at blive gift i dag.	People are waiting longer to get married nowadays.
Tom ser ud til at være forsvundet fra jordens overflade.	Tom seems to have disappeared off the face of the earth.
Hvert år fejres den 27. juni Mixed-Race Day.	Every year, the 27th of June celebrates Mixed-Race Day.
"Noget te?"	"Some tea?"
"Ja tak.	"Yes, please.
Tak."	Thank you."
Jeg vil spise på den restaurant, vi spiste på i sidste uge.	I want to eat at that restaurant we ate at last week.
Tom kunne ikke få alt gjort, der skulle gøres.	Tom couldn't get everything done that needed to be done.
Et af vores mål er at få børn til at motionere mere.	One of our goals is to get children to exercise more.
Tom og hans venner hænger ofte ud i parken sammen.	Tom and his friends often hang out at the park together.
Skal du ikke i biografen?	Aren't you going to the cinema?
Tom ville ikke have ønsket noget bedre.	Tom would have wanted nothing better.
Far og mor træner hver morgen.	Papa and mama go exercising every morning.
Det kan blive lidt vildt her i weekenden.	Things can get a little wild around here on weekends.
Tom gik alene hjem om natten, da han blev røvet.	Tom was walking home alone at night when he got mugged.
Stop med at ændre mening!	Stop changing your mind!
For et stykke tid siden sagde du, at du ville gå, men nu siger du, at du ikke vil.	A while ago, you said you wanted to go, but now you say you don't want to.
Skal du virkelig eller gør du ikke?	Are you really going or aren't you?
Han blev anholdt af politiet.	He was arrested by the police.
Du kan få mere information om os på vores hjemmeside.	You can get more information about us on our website.
Tom lavede noget, han ikke skulle.	Tom was doing something he wasn't supposed to be doing.
Guldfisken svømmer i akvariet.	The goldfish is swimming in the aquarium.
Vi havde en mulighed for at ændre tingene, men det gjorde vi ikke.	We had an opportunity to change things, but we didn't.
Tom siger, at han ændrer sin adgangskode mindst en gang om måneden.	Tom says he changes his password at least once a month.
Lad os tage til KFC for at spise morgenmad.	Let's go to KFC to have breakfast.
Jeg slutter mig til dig, og vi går sammen.	I'll join you and we'll go together.
Lad os gå og spille fodbold.	Let's go and play football.
Når alt er klar, lad os sætte et skilt på døren.	When everything's ready, let's put a sign on the door.
Tom ved ikke, hvor længe han skal blive i Boston.	Tom doesn't know how long he'll need to stay in Boston.
Vi kunne ikke få gjort alt det, der skulle gøres.	We couldn't get everything done that needed to be done.
Tom stod foran spejlet og stirrede på sig selv.	Tom stood in front of the mirror, staring at himself.
Vi vidste ikke, hvor farligt det ville være.	We didn't know how dangerous doing that was going to be.
Jeg ved ikke, hvor længe jeg skal blive i Boston.	I don't know how long I'll need to stay in Boston.
Du kommer til at elektrokutere dig selv, hvis du ikke er forsigtig.	You're going to electrocute yourself if you aren't careful.
Jeg ved ikke, hvor længe jeg skal blive i Boston.	I don't know how long I'll have to stay in Boston.
Du kommer til at elektrocutere dig selv, hvis du ikke er forsigtig.	You're going to electrocute yourself if you're not careful.
Tom blev fanget af politiet tre dage senere.	Tom was captured by the police three days later.
Lad os holde os ude af vandet, indtil livredderen går på vagt.	Let's stay out of the water until the lifeguard goes on duty.
Det lykkedes Tom at undslippe politiet i tre uger.	Tom managed to elude the police for three weeks.
På det tidspunkt gik sorte børn ikke i skole med hvide børn.	At that time, black children didn't go to school with white children.
Tom forsøgte at skjule blå mærker på sin højre arm.	Tom tried to hide the bruises on his right arm.
Tom lærer mig.	Tom is teaching me.
Tom har et lille hus.	Tom has a small house.
Tom gav mig en skjorte.	Tom gave me a shirt.
Tom taler ikke mit sprog.	Tom doesn't speak my language.
Dengang gik sorte børn ikke i skole med hvide børn.	In those days, black children didn't go to school with white children.
Tom Jackson er en ekstremt farlig kriminel.	Tom Jackson is an extremely dangerous criminal.
Alle var i dårligt humør.	Everybody was in a bad mood.
Hvor længe lever en hund?	How long does a dog live?
Hvor længe lever en edderkop?	How long does a spider live?
Jeg forsøgte ikke engang at besvare omkring halvdelen af ​​spørgsmålene til eksamen.	I didn't even try to answer about half of the questions on the exam.
Jeg synes den er for stor.	I think it's too big.
Toms hest døde.	Tom's horse died.
Dette slips passer godt til din skjorte.	This tie goes well with your shirt.
Det har jeg aldrig været i tvivl om.	I've never doubted that.
Man ved aldrig, hvad der kommer til at ske.	You never know what's going to happen.
Jeg venter på det rigtige øjeblik.	I'm waiting for the right moment.
Jeg er bekymret for, at det regner i morgen.	I'm worried that it'll rain tomorrow.
Synes du denne hund er smart?	Do you think this dog is smart?
Han var skyld i det.	He was at fault.
At gøre det var sværere, end jeg troede, det ville være.	Doing that was more difficult than I thought it would be.
Lad os lade Tom hvile.	Let's let Tom rest.
Vi har tre drenge.	We have three boys.
Jeg er bange for, at det kan regne i morgen.	I'm worried that it might rain tomorrow.
Det tog ikke så lang tid, som jeg troede det ville.	Doing that didn't take as long as I thought it would.
Tom virkede blufærdig.	Tom seemed bashful.
At gøre det tog ikke så lang tid, som jeg troede.	Doing that didn't take as much time as I thought it would.
At gøre det tog ikke så lang tid, som jeg havde forventet.	Doing that didn't take as much time as I expected.
Jeg har et møde med direktøren om et par minutter.	I have a meeting with the director in a few minutes.
Tom lokkede fælden.	Tom baited the trap.
Der er mad nok.	There is enough food.
Jeg henter Tom.	I will pick Tom up.
Tom tilbød at slå græsset for mig.	Tom offered to cut the grass for me.
Så vidt jeg ved, skal vi ikke gøre andet.	As far as I know, we don't have to do anything else.
Tom farer ofte vild.	Tom often gets lost.
De blev ved med at snakke, selvom jeg bad dem om at stoppe.	They kept talking even though I asked them to stop.
Toms hår er tykt.	Tom's hair is thick.
Jeg studerede et stykke tid og gik så ud at gå en tur.	I studied for a while and then went out for a walk.
Jeg har hørt om Tom.	I've heard about Tom.
At gøre det var sværere, end jeg troede, det ville være.	Doing that was harder than I thought it would be.
Min kat kløede Tom.	My cat scratched Tom.
Hitlers og Stalins forbrydelser var ikke lige afskyelige.	The crimes of Hitler and Stalin were not equally heinous.
Det kan du ikke forberede dig på.	You cannot prepare for that.
Vil du gå ud eller ej?	Will you go out, or not?
Hvornår har du sidst købt en bog?	When was the last time that you bought a book?
De planter og dyr, vi spiser i dag, er resultatet af hundreder af års udvælgelse.	The plants and animals that we eat today are the result of hundreds of years of selection.
Jeg har kun en lille sum penge på mig på det tidspunkt.	I only a small sum of money on me at that time.
Tom bad os komme.	Tom asked us to come.
Hvorfor spiser du denne ulækre ting?	Why are you eating this disgusting stuff?
Mit barnebarn har en killing.	My grandson has a kitten.
Killingen har hvid og sort pels og grønlige øjne.	The kitten has white and black fur and greenish eyes.
Mit barnebarn elsker at lege med det.	My grandson loves playing with it.
Han kaldte den Vivi.	He named it Vivi.
Vivi er smuk.	Vivi is beautiful.
Det er vores kæledyr.	It is our pet.
Hvis du vil spise, så spis.	If you want to eat, eat.
Jeg tog motorvejen.	I took the highway.
Jeg ved ikke, hvad hans egentlige hensigter er.	I don't know what his real intentions аre.
At gøre det tog længere tid, end jeg troede det ville.	Doing that took longer than I thought it would.
Tom blev ikke vred.	Tom didn't get angry.
Er der andre der har brug for mig i dag, eller kan jeg gå i seng?	Does anyone else need me today, or can I go to bed?
Jeg har kun afsluttet halvdelen af ​​det, jeg skal gøre.	I've only finished half of what I need to do.
Vi må hellere ringe til Tom.	We'd better call Tom.
Dyr lider ikke kun på slagterier, men også under transporten til dem.	Animals suffer not only in slaughterhouses, but also during the transportation to them.
Jeg vil forsøge at besvare ethvert spørgsmål, du måtte have.	I'll try to answer any question you may have.
Jeg tog imod Toms gave.	I accepted Tom's gift.
L. L. Zamenhof, der håbede på at forene hele menneskeheden, kaldte sin søn Adam.	L. L. Zamenhof, who hoped to unite all of humanity, named his son Adam.
Alle tre af L. L. Zamenhofs børn omkom i Holocaust.	All three of L. L. Zamenhof's children perished in the Holocaust.
Alle tre af L. L. Zamenhofs børn blev myrdet i Holocaust.	All three of L. L. Zamenhof's children were murdered in the Holocaust.
Det tog ikke så lang tid, som jeg havde forventet.	Doing that didn't take as long as I expected.
Jeg lod ikke Tom tale.	I didn't let Tom talk.
Hvorfor gør du alt i sidste øjeblik?	Why do you do everything at the last minute?
Jeg fiksede Toms cykel.	I fixed Tom's bicycle.
Vi fortsatte med at gå et stykke tid i stilhed.	We continued walking for a while in silence.
Jeg gav Tom flere penge.	I gave Tom more money.
Jeg tvivler på, at jeg vil have dette job meget længere.	I doubt that I'll have this job much longer.
Jeg gav Tom noget vand.	I gave Tom some water.
Jeg kan ikke læse noget uden mine briller.	I can't read anything without my glasses.
Drikker Tom stadig?	Is Tom still drinking?
Min svigermor er min mands mor.	My mother-in-law is my husband's mother.
Tom ville ikke have mig til at hjælpe.	Tom didn't want me to help.
Jeg accepterer at gøre det, du har bedt mig om.	I agree to do what you've asked me to do.
Tom vil gerne derned.	Tom wants to go there.
Lad være med at drille.	Don't dilly-dally.
Har du taget bøger med?	Have you brought books?
Havde du bøger med?	Did you bring books?
Han sendte hundredvis af invitationer til sit bryllup.	He sent hundreds of invitations for his wedding.
Han er den eneste elev, der stiller mange spørgsmål til lærerne.	He is the only student that ask the teachers many questions.
Hvem gav dig det naive råd?	Who gave you that naive piece of advice?
Dyrecellen indeholder en større procentdel af lipider end den vegetabilske celle.	The animal cell contains a larger percentage of lipids than the vegetable cell.
Hvor gammel er hunden?	How old is the dog?
Hvem opfandt papiret?	Who invented paper?
Fortæl mig, hvor jeg fejlede.	Tell me where I failed.
Se, råbte hun og pegede på et hjørne af gangen, der står hun op.	Look, shouted her pointing to a corner of the hall, there she is standing up.
Kender du dem personligt?	Do you know them in person?
Det kommer nok til at regne hele eftermiddagen.	It'll probably be raining all afternoon.
Hvis nogen ringer til mig, så fortæl dem, at jeg er ude.	If anyone calls me, tell them I am out.
Fornuften adskiller mennesket fra dyrene.	Reason differentiates man from animals.
Jeg har tre bofæller.	I have three roommates.
Desværre har jeg den dårlige vane at tage sårskorpen af ​​mine sår.	Unfortunately I have the bad habit of picking the scab off my wounds.
Jeg vil prøve det i soveværelset.	I will try it in the bedroom.
Befolkningen kræver social retfærdighed.	The people demand social justice.
Der var et skilt på gaden, hvor der stod: "Farlig rute.	There was a sign on the street reading: "Dangerous route.
Sæt farten ned".	Slow down".
ikke er!	Don't jest!
Da pigen så sin mor, begyndte hun at græde.	When the girl saw her mother, she started crying.
Nationen kræver social retfærdighed.	The nation demands social justice.
Jeg havde en vidunderlig drøm.	I had a wonderful dream.
Katten jager rotter og bringer os byttedyr.	The cat hunts rats and brings us preys.
Hunden har det godt med hende.	The dog is comfortable with her.
Jeg er absolut mangelfuld.	I am absolutely flawed.
Hold øje med dem, der vil sælge dig forfalskede genstande.	Look out for those who want to sell you counterfeit items.
Udnyt disse dage til at tænke over emnet.	Take advantage of these days to think about the subject.
For at tage landet ud af krisen vedtog præsidenten protektionistiske foranstaltninger.	In order to take the country out of the crisis, the president adopted protectionist measures.
Selvfølgelig tænker jeg på dig.	Of course I think of you.
Jeg ved, hvor du bor, frue.	I know where you live, Madam.
Men det er fortroligt.	But that is confidential.
I Lissabon er der en hængebro lavet af stål.	In Lisbon there is a suspension bridge made of steel.
Om morgenen drikker jeg altid en kop te.	In the morning I always drink a cup of tea.
De stolte og modige riddere sad omkring det store runde bord.	The proud and brave knights sat around the big round table.
Tom reparerer din cykel.	Tom is fixing your bicycle.
God eftermiddag, unge dame, hvordan har du det?	Good afternoon, young lady, how are you?
Maleriet var virkelig rørende.	The painting was really touching.
Han sov udenfor, men jeg ved ikke hvor.	He slept outside, but I don't know where.
Hun sov udenfor, men jeg ved ikke hvor.	She slept outside, but I don't know where.
Hun ville være arkitekt.	She wanted to be an architect.
Afbryd mig kun, hvis det er strengt nødvendigt.	Only interrupt me if it's strictly necessary.
De er døde og begravet.	They are dead and buried.
Et magasin er en periodisk publikation, der indeholder artikler og illustrationer om et emne eller et specifikt område.	A magazine is a periodical publication containing articles and illustrations about a subject or specific field.
Min kat kan ikke lide at blive strøget.	My cat does not like being stroked.
Jeg er ikke bange for at gå over broen.	I am not afraid of going over the bridge.
Er der eller er der ikke?	Is or isn't there?
Har han det eller ej?	Does he have it or not?
Har hun det eller ej?	Does she have it or not?
Hvis du vil have det, vil de også gøre det.	If you want it, they will also do.
Fortabt i tanker slentrer han gennem haven med hænderne bag ryggen.	Lost in thoughts, he strolls through the garden, with his hands behind his back.
Det tog længere tid, end jeg havde forventet.	Doing that took longer than I expected.
Tom begyndte at angribe mig.	Tom began attacking me.
Det har været koldere end normalt i år.	It's been colder than usual this year.
For de fjerde mænd, de store hjerner, var der intet muligt liv end intellektets liv; og intellektets liv var blevet goldt.	For the Fourth Men, the Great Brains, there was no possible life but the life of intellect; and the life of intellect had become barren.
Der var åbenbart behov for noget mere end blot en stor del af hjernen for at løse de dybere intellektuelle problemer.	Evidently something more than mere bulk of brain was needed for the solving of the deeper intellectual problems.
De må derfor på en eller anden måde skabe en ny hjernekvalitet eller organisk dannelse af hjerne, der er i stand til en synsmåde eller indsigt, der er umulig i deres nuværende tilstand.	They must, therefore, somehow create a new brain-quality, or organic formation of brain, capable of a mode of vision or insight impossible in their present state.
De skal på en eller anden måde lære at lave deres egne hjernevæv efter en ny plan.	They must learn somehow to remake their own brain-tissues upon a new plan.
Med dette mål, og delvist gennem ubevidst jalousi over for de naturlige og mere afbalancerede arter, som havde skabt dem, begyndte de at bruge deres fangede eksemplarer af denne art til en stor ny virksomhed med forskning i naturen af ​​menneskets hjernevæv.	With this aim, and partly through unwitting jealousy of the natural and more balanced species which had created them, they began to use their captive specimens of that species for a great new enterprise of research into the nature of human braintissue.
Tom vil ud og ro.	Tom wants to go rowing.
Jeg må ikke blive for at lægge mærke til de mærkelige formuer i alle de mange andre kvasi-menneskelige verdener.	I must not stay to notice the strange fortunes of all the many other quasi-human worlds.
Jeg vil kun nævne, at i nogle, selvom civilisationen blev ødelagt i en række af vilde krige, overlevede kimen til bedring usikkert.	I will mention only that in some, though civilization was destroyed in a succession of savage wars, the germ of recovery precariously survived.
I den ene syntes den pinefulde balance mellem det gamle og det nye at forlænge sig i det uendelige.	In one, the agonizing balance of the old and the new seemed to prolong itself indefinitely.
I en anden, hvor videnskaben var gået for langt for sikkerheden for en umoden art, sprængte mennesket ved et uheld sin planet og sin race i luften.	In another, where science had advanced too far for the safety of an immature species, man accidentally blew up his planet and his race.
I flere blev historiens dialektiske proces afbrudt af invasion og erobring fra indbyggere på en anden planet.	In several, the dialectical process of history was broken short by invasion and conquest on the part of inhabitants of another planet.
Disse og andre katastrofer, som skal beskrives med tiden, decimerede den galaktiske befolkning i verdener.	These and other disaster, to be described in due course, decimated the galactic population of worlds.
Efter et stykke tid standsede Juss og snusede luften.	After a while Juss halted and sniffed the air.
"Jeg lugter nyslået hø," sagde han, "og blomsterdufte.	"I smell new-mown hay," he said, "and flower-scents.
Er dette min fantasi, eller kan du også lugte dem?"	Is this my fantasy, or canst thou smell them too?"
Hvad har det med det at gøre?	What does this have to do with that?
Jeg kom hjem sidste mandag.	I came home last Monday.
Hvordan kommer jeg til stranden herfra?	How do I get to the beach from here?
Jeg mødte Tom tidligere i dag.	I met Tom earlier today.
Jeg læste ikke resten af ​​bogen.	I didn't read the rest of the book.
Tom og jeg har mistet kontakten.	Tom and I've lost touch.
Dette er den eneste vej at gå.	This is the only way to go.
Vi burde holde op med at ryste.	We should stop dithering.
Dette er den eneste vej at gå.	This is the only way to go.
Der er ingen vridning ud af det.	There's no wriggling out of it.
Hun arbejder fra ni til halv fem.	She works from nine to five-thirty.
Det kommer nok til at regne hele dagen.	It'll probably be raining all day.
Bvalltu og jeg besøgte, i selskab med den voksende gruppe af vores andre opdagelsesrejsende, mange verdener af mange mærkelige slags.	Bvalltu and I, in company with the increasing band of our fellow explorers, visited many worlds of many strange kinds.
I nogle brugte vi kun et par uger af den lokale tid; i andre forblev vi i århundreder, eller skummede fra punkt til punkt i historien, som vores interesse dikterede.	In some we spent only a few weeks of the local time; in others we remained for centuries, or skimmed from point to point of history as our interest dictated.
Som en sværm af græshopper ville vi stige ned til en nyfundet verden, hver af os udpege en passende vært.	Like a swarm of locusts we would descend upon a new-found world, each of us singling out a suitable host.
Efter en periode med iagttagelser, lang eller kort, ville vi forlade, for måske at stige af igen på den samme verden i en anden af ​​dens tidsaldre; eller at fordele vores virksomhed i mange verdener, langt fra hinanden i tid og rum.	After a period of observation, long or short, we would leave, to alight again, perhaps, on the same world in another of its ages; or to distribute our company among many worlds, far apart in time and in space.
Jeg accepterede Toms undskyldning.	I accepted Tom's apology.
Det er overflødigt at sige, at de femte mænd tidligt havde mestret alle de paradokser inden for fysisk videnskab, som havde forvirret de første mænd.	Needless to say, the Fifth Men had early mastered all those paradoxes of physical science which had so perplexed the First Men.
Det er overflødigt at sige, at de havde en meget fuldstændig viden om geografien af ​​kosmos og atomet.	Needless to say, they had a very complete knowledge of the geography of the cosmos and of the atom.
Men igen og igen blev selve grundlaget for deres videnskab knust af en eller anden ny opdagelse, så de tålmodigt måtte rekonstruere det hele efter en helt ny plan.	But again and again the very foundations of their science were shattered by some new discovery, so that they had patiently to reconstruct the whole upon an entirely new plan.
Men til sidst, med den klare formulering af psykofysikkens principper, hvor den ældre psykologi og den ældre fysik så at sige blev holdt i kemisk kombination, syntes de at have bygget på klippen.	At length, however, with the clear formulation of the principles of psycho-physics, in which the older psychology and the older physics were held, so to speak, in chemical combination, they seemed to have built upon the rock.
I denne videnskab fik psykologiens grundlæggende begreber en fysisk betydning, og fysikkens grundlæggende begreber blev formuleret på en psykologisk måde.	In this science, the fundamental concepts of psychology were given a physical meaning, and the fundamental concepts of physics were stated in a psychological manner.
Yderligere viste det sig, at de mest fundamentale relationer i det fysiske univers var af samme natur som kunstens grundlæggende principper.	Further, the most fundamental relations of the physical universe were found to be of the same nature as the fundamental principles of art.
Men og heri lå mystik og rædsel selv for de femte mænd, der var intet spor af bevis for, at dette æstetisk beundringsværdige kosmos var en bevidst kunstners værk, ej heller at noget sind nogensinde ville udvikle sig så meget, at det kunne værdsætte Helt i alle dets detaljer og enhed.	But, and herein lay mystery and horror even for the Fifth Men, there was no shred of evidence that this aesthetically admirable cosmos was the work of a conscious artist, nor yet that any mind would ever develop so greatly as to be able to appreciate the Whole in all its detail and unity.
Hun er en entusiastisk kæmper for social retfærdighed.	She's an enthusiastic fighter for social justice.
Jeg står tidligt op i morgen.	I'll be getting up early tomorrow.
Jeg fandt ud af, hvad Tom gjorde.	I found out what Tom did.
Jeg kender ingen af ​​de drenge.	I don't know either of those boys.
Jeg gav Tom tre småkager.	I gave Tom three cookies.
Vi har dans her en gang om måneden.	We have dances here once a month.
Jeg gav Tom tre muligheder.	I gave Tom three options.
Mine forældre er ikke kommet hjem endnu.	My parents haven't come home yet.
Tom forrådte sine venner.	Tom betrayed his friends.
Vi har set otte på hinanden følgende menneskearters formuer i tusind millioner år, den første halvdel af det flimren, som er menneskets varighed.	We have watched the fortunes of eight successive human species for a thousand million years, the first half of that flicker which is the duration of man.
Ti arter mere afløser nu hinanden, eller er nutidige, på Neptuns sletter.	Ten more species now succeed one another, or are contemporary, on the plains of Neptune.
Vi, de sidste mænd, er de attende mænd.	We, the Last Men, are the Eighteenth Men.
Af de otte præ-neptunske arter forblev nogle, som vi har set, altid primitive; mange opnåede i det mindste en forvirret og flygtig civilisation, og én, den strålende femte, var allerede ved at vågne op til sand menneskelighed, da ulykken knuste den.	Of the eight pre-Neptunian species, some, as we have seen, remained always primitive; many achieved at least a confused and fleeting civilization, and one, the brilliant Fifth, was already wakening into true humanity when misfortune crushed it.
De ti neptunske arter viser en endnu større diversitet.	The ten Neptunian species show an even greater diversity.
De spænder fra det instinktive dyr til bevidsthedsmåder, der aldrig før er opnået.	They range from the instinctive animal to modes of consciousness never before attained.
De absolut undermenneskelige degenererede typer er for det meste begrænset til de første seks hundrede millioner år af menneskets ophold på Neptun.	The definitely sub-human degenerate types are confined mostly to the first six hundred million years of man's sojourn on Neptune.
Jeg husker ikke ulykken.	I have no memory of the accident.
Vi hjalp Tom med at finde et job.	We helped Tom find a job.
Virksomheden fra en allerede fjern fortid havde bragt ethvert land under civilisationen.	The enterprise of an already distant past had brought every land under civilization.
Sahara var et sødistrikt, fyldt med solstolte feriesteder.	The Sahara was a lake district, crowded with sun-proud holiday resorts.
De arktiske øer i Canada, genialt opvarmet af rettede tropiske strømme, var hjemsted for kraftige nordboere.	The arctic islands of Canada, ingeniously warmed by directed tropical currents, were the homes of vigorous northerners.
Antarktis kyster, optøet på samme måde, var permanent beboet af dem, der var engageret i at udnytte oplandets mineralrigdomme.	The coasts of Antarctica, thawed in the same manner, were permanently inhabited by those engaged in exploiting the mineral wealth of the hinterland.
Omkring to århundreder efter dannelsen af ​​den første verdensstat erklærede verdens præsident, at tiden var moden til en formel forening af videnskab og religion, og indkaldte til en konference for lederne af disse to store discipliner.	About two centuries after the formation of the first World State, the President of the World declared that the time was ripe for a formal union of science and religion, and called a conference of the leaders of these two great disciplines.
På den ø i Stillehavet, som var blevet den kosmopolitiske stemnings Mekka, og som nu var ét stort, mange etager og skydækket Fredens Tempel, stod buddhismens, muhammedanismens, hinduismens, det genfødte kristne broderskabs og den moderne katolske kirkes overhoveder i Sydamerika var enige om, at deres forskelle kun var udtryksforskelle.	Upon that island in the Pacific which had become the Mecca of cosmopolitan sentiment, and was by now one vast manystoried, and cloud-capped Temple of Peace, the heads of Buddhism, Mohammedanism, Hinduism, the Regenerate Christian Brotherhood and the Modern Catholic Church in South America, agreed that their differences were but differences of expression.
En og alle var tilbedere af den guddommelige energi, hvad enten det kom til udtryk i aktivitet eller i spændt stilhed.	One and all were worshippers of the Divine Energy, whether expressed in activity, or in tense stillness.
En og alle anerkendte den hellige Opdager som enten den sidste og største af profeterne eller en faktisk inkarnation af guddommelig Bevægelse.	One and all recognized the saintly Discoverer as either the last and greatest of the prophets or an actual incarnation of divine Movement.
Og disse to begreber viste sig let at være identiske i lyset af moderne videnskab.	And these two concepts were easily shown, in the light of modern science, to be identical.
Vi måtte vente meget længe.	We had to wait a very long time.
Jeg svarede på Toms spørgsmål.	I answered Tom's question.
Men selv det mest åndelige liv har sine fristelser.	But even the most spiritual life has its temptations.
Industrialismens og intellektualismens ekstravagante feber havde så subtilt forgiftet plantemenneskerne, at da de til sidst gjorde oprør imod den, svingede de for vidt og faldt i fælden af ​​et så ensidigt planteliv, som det gamle dyreliv havde været.	The extravagant fever of industrialism and intellectualism had so subtly poisoned the plant-men that when at last they rebelled against it they swung too far, falling into the snare of a vegetal life as one-sided as the old animal life had been.
Lidt efter lidt gav de mindre og mindre energi og tid til "dyre" sysler, indtil deres nætter såvel som deres dage til sidst blev brugt helt som træer, og den aktive, udforskende, manipulerende, dyreintelligens døde i dem for evigt.	Little by little they gave less and less energy and time to "animal" pursuits, until at last their nights as well as their days were spent wholly as trees, and the active, exploring, manipulating, animal intelligence died in them forever.
Mit hus er gammelt og forfaldent.	My house is old and dilapidated.
Det er virkelig varmt i dag, er det ikke?	It's really hot today, isn't it?
Jeg er bange for, at Tom kommer.	I'm afraid Tom might come.
Det vil formentlig regne efter frokost.	It'll probably rain after lunch.
Tom vil gerne i kirke.	Tom wants to go to church.
Han lavede selv aftensmad.	He made supper himself.
Han lavede selv te.	He made tea himself.
Hun blev afskediget.	She was dismissed.
De blev afskediget.	They were dismissed.
Jeg bliver sent oppe i aften.	I'll be staying up late tonight.
Kalorier er de små bæster, der altid er i garderoben om natten og syr tøjet strammere.	Calories are those wee beasties that are always in the wardrobe at night, sewing the clothes tighter.
Tom vil med Mary.	Tom wants to go with Mary.
Det har regnet i hele den sidste uge.	It rained for the whole of the past week.
Det regnede uafbrudt hele sidste uge.	It was raining non-stop all last week.
I hele den sidste uge var regnen uophørlig.	For the whole of the past week, the rain was incessant.
Det regnede ustandseligt hele ugen i sidste uge.	It rained incessantly all week long last week.
Det regnede uafbrudt i hele sidste uge.	It was raining non-stop for the whole of last week.
Regnen var ubrudt i hele sidste uge.	The rain was unbroken for the whole of last week.
Mary forestillede sig, at hun var alene og uovervåget, tog gaven op og rystede den forsigtigt.	Imagining herself alone and unwatched, Mary picked up the present and shook it carefully.
"Nysgerrig, er vi?"	"Curious, are we?"
Da hun pludselig hørte Tom tale bag sig, snurrede hun forskrækket rundt.	Hearing Tom speak suddenly behind her, she spun round in alarm.
"Tålmodighed, min kære!"	"Patience, my dear!"
Han grinede fra øre til øre.	He was grinning from ear to ear.
"Du er virkelig god til det," undrede Tom, da han så Hanako lave sushi med en mesters færdigheder.	"You're really good at that," marvelled Tom, as he watched Hanako preparing sushi with the consummate skill of a master.
"Jamen, jeg har gjort det et par gange før, Tom," svarede hun og rødmede let.	"Well, I have done it a few times before, Tom," she replied, blushing slightly.
"Der kommer et tidspunkt, hvor du bare kan gøre det."	"There comes a time when you can just do it."
"Kasketten skal være et sted.	"The cap's got to be somewhere.
Det kan ikke bare være forsvundet ud i den blå luft."	It can't have just vanished into thin air."
"Lige, nu vil vi lede efter det systematisk, fra hvor du sidst havde det på hovedet."	"Right, now we'll look for it systematically, starting from where you last had it on your head."
"Ved nogen, hvor Tom er?"	"Does anyone know where Tom is?"
"Ja."	"Yep."
"Og hvor er han?"	"And where is he?"
"Det ved jeg ikke."	"That I don't know."
"Hvorfor sagde du så ja?"	"Why did you say yes, then?"
"Det skal han selv vide, så der er nogen, der ved, hvor han er."	"He himself must know, so there is someone who knows where he is."
"Idiot!"	"Idiot!"
"Vil du virkelig smide den smukke kjole, Mary?	"Do you really want to throw away that beautiful dress, Mary?
Du har altid set så lækker ud i det!"	You've always looked so snazzy in it!"
"I!	"Nan!
Det passer mig ikke længere, og den slags er gået helt af mode!"	It doesn't fit me any more, and that sort of thing's gone way out of fashion!"
Jeg læste kun toppen af ​​siden.	I only read the top of the page.
Toms hår er vokset ud igen.	Tom's hair has grown back.
En kølig brise blæste rundt om Mary og viftede med hendes lange hår, mens hun sad på engen, fortabt i tanker og stirrede op på nattehimlen og de sølvfarvede månelysende skyer, der passerede over den.	A cool breeze blew around Mary, waving her long hair as she sat in the meadow, lost in thought and gazing up at the night sky and the silver moonlit clouds passing over it.
"Du skulle have fortalt mig det før."	"You should have let me know sooner."
"Hvordan kunne vi have gjort det, når du ikke tager din telefon?	"How could we have done that when you don't answer your telephone?
Desværre har vi ikke en anden måde at kontakte dig på."	Unfortunately we don't have another way of contacting you."
"Du skulle have fortalt mig det før."	"You should've told me before."
"Hvordan skulle vi gøre det, når du ikke tager din telefon?	"How were we supposed to do that when you don't answer your phone?
Vi har ikke nogen anden måde at komme i kontakt med dig på, mere ærgerligt."	We haven't got any other way of getting in touch with you, more's the pity."
"Hej makker!	"Hey mate!
Har du et sekund?"	You got a second?"
"Ja, bestemt.	"Yes, certainly.
Men da det sekund er gået, bliver jeg nødt til at bede dig om at gøre dig knap.	But since that second is now up, I shall have to ask you to make yourself scarce.
Jeg har meget at lave!"	I have a lot to do!"
Krig er allerede brudt ud.	War has already broken out.
De ledte efter en pige.	They were looking for a girl.
Hun kan ikke håndtere stress.	She cannot deal with stress.
Han kan ikke klare stress.	He cannot cope with stress.
"Tom, det er længe siden!	"Tom, it's been a long time!
Kan du huske mig?"	Do you remember me?"
"Selvfølgelig gør jeg det!	"Of course I do!
Du er Mary!	You're Mary!
Det er rigtigt, ikke?"	That's right, isn't it?"
"Så du husker mig!	"So you do remember me!
Jeg er så glad!"	I'm so glad!"
Han tog et andet stykke med til sin syge ven.	He took a second piece to take to his sick friend.
Han tog et andet stykke med til sin syge kæreste.	He took a second piece to take to his sick girlfriend.
Han fløjtede en melodi, for ikke at være bange for mørket.	He whistled a tune, so as not to be afraid of the dark.
Han spiste lidt, for at der skulle blive noget til overs til morgenmaden.	He ate little, so that something would be left over for breakfast.
Han spiste ikke meget, så der skulle blive noget til overs til morgenmaden.	He didn't eat much, so that something would be left over for breakfast.
Han fløjtede en melodi, så ingen skulle bemærke, at han var bange.	He whistled a tune, so that no one would notice he was afraid.
Den mundtlige eksamen på begynderniveau varer ti minutter, mellemtrinnet i femten og avanceret niveau i tyve.	The beginners' level oral exam lasts for ten minutes, the intermediate level for fifteen and the advanced level for twenty.
Lyden ligner meget lyden af ​​en dulcimer, psalterium eller citer.	The sound is quite similar to that of a dulcimer, psaltery, or zither.
Jeg læste kun de første par sider.	I only read the first few pages.
Vi lod Tom prøve at gøre det.	We let Tom try doing that.
Hans beslutning om at flytte til Chicago overraskede os.	His decision to move to Chicago surprised us.
Det var ikke særlig koldt i nat.	It wasn't very cold last night.
Det var tydeligt, at Tom løj.	It was clear Tom was lying.
Du skal være mere aggressiv.	You need to be more agressive.
Tom sang babyen i søvn.	Tom sang the baby to sleep.
Min drøm er at studere norsk i Oslo.	My dream is to study Norwegian in Oslo.
Min drøm er at studere samiske sprog i Sverige.	My dream is to study Saami languages in Sweden.
Min drøm er at studere Chukchi i Anadyr.	My dream is to study Chukchi in Anadyr.
Vent venligst, indtil jeg når dertil.	Please wait until I get there.
Tom begyndte at blive voldelig.	Tom started to get violent.
Det er rigtig varmt udenfor i dag.	It's really hot outside today.
Tom vil på college.	Tom wants to go to college.
Jeg svarer kun på ét spørgsmål.	I'll answer only one question.
Tom skrev bogen selv.	Tom wrote the book himself.
Der er bogstaver på bordet.	There are letters on the table.
Jeg skal arbejde over i dag.	I have to work overtime today.
Hvordan fik Boston sit navn?	How did Boston get its name?
Jeg er sikker på, at vi alle ville blive glade for en dejlig kop.	I'm sure we'd all be glad of a nice cuppa.
Jeg forventer, at det vil ske.	I anticipate that will happen.
Jeg gav den tomme æske til Tom.	I gave the empty box to Tom.
Et kort er ikke territoriet.	A map is not the territory.
Hvor blev pigen hen, du talte med?	Where did the girl you were talking to go?
Hvor blev pigen af, som du talte med?	Where did the girl that you were talking to go?
Kunne du tænke dig en kop?	Would you fancy a cup?
Jeg vil have, at du kommer tidligt.	I want you to get here early.
Jeg gav tre småkager til Tom.	I gave three cookies to Tom.
Jeg tror, ​​at han tager fejl.	I think that he's wrong.
Jeg vil ikke tage dertil uden dig.	I won't go there without you.
Jeg var der engang med min søster.	I was there once with my sister.
Hunden vil ud igen.	The dog wants to go out again.
Hvorfor accepterer du ikke min anmodning?	Why don't you accede my request?
Der er sorte skyer over os.	There are black clouds above us.
Jeg tvivler på, om det ville ske.	I doubt if that would happen.
Jeg løb nogle ærinder for Tom.	I ran some errands for Tom.
Hun begik selvmord ved at kaste sig foran toget.	She commited suicide by throwing herself in front of the train.
Han begik selvmord ved at kaste sig foran toget.	He commited suicide by throwing himself in front of the train.
Jeg fandt ud af, at jeg havde efterladt mit kørekort.	I found out that I had left my driving licence behind.
Jeg skal hjem for at hjælpe min far.	I need to go home to help my dad.
Det gør jeg faktisk selv.	I actually do that by myself.
Det har jeg faktisk aldrig gjort alene.	I've actually never done that by myself.
Tom er ikke ældre end mig.	Tom isn't any older than me.
Tom bad mig lave nogle ærinder for ham.	Tom asked me to run some errands for him.
Jeg ville ikke kalde mig selv en tosproget taler.	I wouldn't call myself a billingual speaker.
Folk stræber mod forskellige mål.	People strive towards various goals.
Jeg gjorde det for hendes skyld.	I did it for her sake.
Kassen er fuld.	The box is full.
Jeg sagde til Tom, at han ikke skulle gøre det.	I told Tom not to do it.
Det gik jeg faktisk med til at gøre.	I actually agreed to do that.
Tom vil til søen.	Tom wants to go to the lake.
Du skal vide, hvordan du tilgiver for at være lykkelig.	You must know how to forgive to be happy.
I nat var det ikke særlig koldt.	Last night wasn't very cold.
Jeg vil tilgive, men jeg vil ikke glemme.	I'm going to forgive, but I'm not going to forget.
Tom vil gerne være med i vores gruppe.	Tom wants to join our group.
Du kan ikke flygte fra din forseelse.	You can't escape from your wrongdoing.
Omdømme ligger i tungen.	Reputation lies in the tongue.
Du løber.	You are running.
Kashtanka løb frem og tilbage, men kunne ikke finde sin herre.	Kashtanka ran back and forth but couldn't find her master.
Imens var det ved at blive mørkt.	Meanwhile, it was getting dark.
Du skal være mere aggressiv.	You must be more agressive.
Tom skrev til mig fra Boston.	Tom wrote to me from Boston.
En julegave.	A Christmas present.
God!	Good!
Han har et gudgivet talent for musik.	He has a god-given talent for music.
Tom er altid lidt irritabel om morgenen, inden han drikker sin første kop kaffe.	Tom is always a bit irritable in the morning, before he drinks his first cup of coffee.
Hvad synes du egentlig?	What do you actually think?
Jeg ankom efter Tom var gået.	I arrived after Tom had left.
Interstellar, i modsætning til interplanetarisk, var rejse helt umulig indtil fremkomsten af ​​subatomær kraft.	Interstellar, as opposed to interplanetary, travel was quite impossible until the advent of sub-atomic power.
Heldigvis blev denne magtkilde sjældent opnået før sent i en verdens udvikling, hvor mentaliteten var moden nok til at bruge dette farligste af alle fysiske instrumenter uden uundgåelig katastrofe.	Fortunately this source of power was seldom gained until late in a world's development, when mentality was mature enough to wield this most dangerous of all physical instruments without inevitable disaster.
Katastrofer indtraf dog.	Disasters, however, did occur.
Flere verdener blev ved et uheld sprængt i stykker.	Several worlds were accidentally blown to pieces.
I andre blev civilisationen midlertidigt ødelagt.	In others civilization was temporarily destroyed.
Men før eller siden tæmmede de fleste af de sindede verdener denne formidable djin og satte den til at arbejde på en titanisk skala, ikke kun i industrien, men i så store virksomheder som ændringen af ​​planetariske baner for at forbedre klimaet.	Sooner or later, however, most of the minded worlds tamed this formidable djin, and set it to work upon a titanic scale, not only in industry, but in such great enterprises as the alteration of planetary orbits for the improvement of climate.
Denne farlige og delikate proces blev gennemført ved at affyre et gigantisk subatomært raketapparat på sådanne tidspunkter og steder, at rekylen gradvist ville akkumulere for at aflede planetens kurs i den ønskede retning.	This dangerous and delicate process was effected by firing a gigantic sub-atomic rocket-apparatus at such times and places that the recoil would gradually accumulate to divert the planet's course in the desired direction.
Problemet med interstellar rejser var så medrivende, at det nogle gange blev en besættelse selv for en ret veludviklet utopisk verden.	The problem of interstellar travel was so enthralling that it sometimes became an obsession even to a fairly well-developed Utopian world.
Dette kunne kun ske, hvis der i den verdens forfatning var noget usundt, en hemmelig og uopfyldt sult, der drev væsenerne.	This could only occur if in the constitution of that world there was something unwholesome, some secret and unfulfilled hunger impelling the beings.
Løbet kan så blive rejsegal.	The race might then become travel-mad.
Vi fodrer vores hund en gang om dagen.	We feed our dog once a day.
"Jeg var lige ved at gøre rent og fandt et par ting."	"I was just cleaning and found a few things."
"Så du min røde skjorte?"	"Did you see my red shirt?"
"Desværre nej."	"Unfortunately, no."
Jeg gav Tom en af ​​mine småkager.	I gave Tom one of my cookies.
Hun fortalte mig, at hun skulle med toget.	She told me that she was going to take the train.
Sorte transliv betyder noget.	Black trans lives matter.
Hvornår har du sidst købt en bog?	When was the last time you bought a book?
Jeg tror, ​​han tager fejl.	I think he's wrong.
Hold øje med dette for mig.	Keep an eye on this for me.
Tom erklærede, at han var uskyldig.	Tom declared he was innocent.
Hvad hvis hun forlader mig igen?	What if she leaves me again?
Hold øje med min kuffert.	Keep an eye on my suitcase.
Tom afviste sin køreprøve.	Tom flunked his driving test.
Yuck, der flyder et hår i suppen.	Yuck, there's a hair floating in the soup.
Det er en flot udsigt, ikke?	It's a nice view, isn't it?
Tom er meget kritisk over for andre.	Tom is very critical of others.
Jeg kan ikke lide grænsefladen i det operativsystem.	I don't like the interface of that operating system.
Jeg kom hertil for kun en uge siden.	I got here only a week ago.
Tom ser ud til at arbejde hårdt.	Tom seems to be working hard.
Jeg er enig i den beslutning.	I agree with that decision.
Tom ville gerne være med i vores gruppe.	Tom wanted to join our group.
Hun fortalte mig, at hun skulle med toget.	She told me she was going to take the train.
Hver fredag ​​står jeg tidligt op, går herfra til togstationen, køber en billet til New York og tilbringer weekenden med mine forældre.	Every Friday I get up early, walk from here to the train station, buy a ticket to New York, and spend the weekend with my parents.
Så går jeg hjem.	Then I go home.
Sådan ville jeg have skrevet det, hvis jeg ikke oversatte fra esperanto.	That's how I would've written it if I wasn't translating from Esperanto.
Det er ikke Ido.	That isn't Ido.
Det er ikke Ido.	That's not Ido.
Det skal jeg faktisk gøre.	I actually have to do that.
Tom vil med til festen.	Tom wants to go to the party.
At miste dit venskab gjorde mig dybt ked af det.	Losing your friendship saddened me deeply.
Jeg elsker grillede svampe.	I love grilled mushrooms.
Vi laver shish kebab.	We're cooking shish kebabs.
Jeg kunne leve af svampe resten af ​​mit liv.	I could live off of mushrooms for the rest of my life.
Det er frygteligt varmt herinde.	It's terribly hot in here.
Min partner griller de bedste svampe.	My partner grills the best mushrooms.
Tom vil forlade huset.	Tom wants to leave the house.
Det kan regne efter frokost.	It might rain after lunch.
Tom vil bo for sig selv.	Tom wants to live by himself.
En af vores katte er meget utilfreds med de nye killinger.	One of our cats is very unhappy about the new kittens.
Jeg prøvede at klatre i træet.	I tried climbing the tree.
Jeg gav Tom lov til at køre min bil.	I allowed Tom to drive my car.
Jeg kender begge de drenge.	I know both of those boys.
Den, der ler nu, vil græde senere.	Whoever laughs now will cry later.
Jeg stod op senere end normalt.	I got up later than usual.
Tom så aldrig ud til at blive vred.	Tom never seemed to get angry.
Lær tysk med entusiasme.	Learn German with enthusiasm.
Vi er, hvad vi tænker.	We are what we think.
Alt, hvad vi er, opstår fra vores tanker.	All that we are arises from our thoughts.
Med vores tanker former vi verden.	With our thoughts we shape the world.
Jeg tog imod invitationen.	I accepted the invitation.
Tom så ud til at arbejde hårdt.	Tom seemed to be working hard.
Tom er en junkie.	Tom's a junkie.
Har jeg talent?	Do I have talent?
Har jeg talent?	Have I got talent?
Hvad var der galt med det?	What was wrong with that?
Tom greb chancen.	Tom seized on the opportunity.
Har du givet pengene tilbage til din mor?	Did you give the money back to your mother?
Vi bor på en travl gade.	We live on a busy street.
Tom vil gå, og det vil jeg også.	Tom wants to go and I do, too.
Vores hold er ikke særlig godt.	Our team isn't very good.
Tom vil gerne med os dertil.	Tom wants to go there with us.
Det var en fremragende plan.	It was an excellent plan.
Tom gik en tur med Mary.	Tom went for a walk with Mary.
Det var en meget lang køretur.	It was a very long drive.
Tom vil gå, og det vil jeg også.	Tom wants to go and so do I.
Vi forventer, at Tom snart er her.	We expect Tom to be here soon.
Der blev givet mange løfter.	Many promises were made.
Jeg afviste Toms invitation.	I turned down Tom's invitation.
Ser du andet?	Do you see anything else?
Hvorfor har du lukket døren?	Why have you shut the door?
Det er rigtig varmt udenfor.	It's really hot outside.
Jeg er bange for, at Tom kan komme.	I'm afraid that Tom might come.
Jeg troede, jeg var den eneste, han spurgte om.	I thought I was the only one of whom he was asking stuff.
Det har været varmt hele ugen.	It's been warm all week.
Tom er uddannet fra college.	Tom has graduated from college.
Det tror jeg faktisk på.	I actually believe that.
Pas på den fyr, han er en indblanding i kvinder.	Watch out for that guy, he is a meddler to women.
Tom vil gerne et andet sted hen.	Tom wants to go somewhere else.
Bliv ikke involveret i vores kamp!	Don't get involved in our fight!
Taxachaufføren er involveret i røveriet.	The taxi driver has an involvement in the robbery.
Jomfrudommen går tabt ved samleje.	Virginity is lost in intercourse.
Hvem har spist osten?	Who's eaten the cheese?
Det blæser, ikke?	It's windy, isn't it?
Hvem har spist al osten?	Who's eaten all the cheese?
Jeg har læst denne bog tre gange.	I've read this book three times.
Det var tydeligt, at Tom løj.	It was clear that Tom was lying.
Det var virkelig kedeligt.	It was really boring.
Skal Tom i supermarkedet?	Is Tom going to the supermarket?
Du skal ikke være udenfor.	You shouldn't be outside.
Jeg havde lidt feber.	I had a little fever.
Hvorfor prøver vi det ikke?	Why don't we try it?
Tom er streng over for sine børn.	Tom is strict with his children.
Det var en eksemplarisk præstation!	That was an exemplary performance!
Vi kom ind i lokalet.	We entered the room.
Tom parkerede sin bil ved siden af ​​min.	Tom parked his car next to mine.
Vi gik ind i parken.	We entered the park.
Tom var i tide til mødet.	Tom was in time for the meeting.
Min plan blev vedtaget.	My plan was adopted.
Det var her, jeg mødte Tom første gang.	It was here that I first met Tom.
Jeg får en masse mail.	I get a lot of mail.
Tom krydsede ulovligt grænsen.	Tom illegally crossed the border.
Jeg købte et blad.	I bought a magazine.
Tom mister besindelsen ret ofte.	Tom loses his temper quite often.
Drikker du vand?	Do you drink water?
Katten sov.	The cat was asleep.
Tom bliver sjældent hjemme om mandagen.	Tom rarely stays home on Mondays.
Det var en fin plan.	It was a nice plan.
Tom var soldat under krigen.	Tom was a soldier during the war.
Jeg glemte mit kamera.	I forgot my camera.
Tom blev dræbt i jordskælvet.	Tom was killed in the earthquake.
Jeg kom ind i rummet.	I entered the room.
Vi bliver måske nødt til at tage af sted uden Tom.	We may have to leave without Tom.
Jeg gjorde værelset rent.	I cleaned the room.
Tom tror på, at han kan bevise det.	Tom believes that he can prove it.
Jeg er enig i at gøre det.	I agree to do that.
Tom erklærede, at han var uskyldig.	Tom declared that he was innocent.
Du skal tænke på fremtiden, selvom du er ung.	You must think about the future even if you're young.
Du må ikke tage på i vægt.	You mustn't gain weight.
Du må ikke tage på.	You mustn't put on weight.
Det trætte mig ud.	That tired me out.
Tom har blå mærker over hele kroppen.	Tom has bruises all over his body.
En arkitekt designer og skaber huse og bygninger.	An architect designs and creates houses and buildings.
Det er frygteligt varmt.	It's terribly hot.
Tom takkede Mary for hendes venlighed.	Tom thanked Mary for her kindness.
Skotland er et land nord for England.	Scotland is a country north of England.
Hvad var ikke sandt?	What wasn't true?
Tom var iført en gammel tweed-dragt.	Tom was wearing an old tweed suit.
Jeg studerer kinesisk på universitetet i Venedig.	I'm studying Chinese at the University of Venice.
Jeg bor alene.	I'm living alone.
Jeg gav Tom lov til at gøre, hvad han ville.	I allowed Tom to do what he wanted.
Håndcremen dufter af kamille.	The hand cream smells like chamomile.
Du får drømme gratis.	You get dreams for free.
Vi får drømme gratis.	We get dreams for free.
Har du kopieret og indsat dette fra et sted?	Did you copy and paste this from somewhere?
Det er en god og naturlig sætning.	It's a good and natural sentence.
Det er en akavet måde at sige det på.	That's an awkward way of putting it.
Indrømmet, indfødte talere vil ofte sige ting akavet.	Granted, native speakers will often say things awkwardly.
Jeg gik i kirke.	I went to church.
Alle betjente er svin.	All cops are pigs.
Det ser ud til, at du begyndte at oversætte dette, men ikke blev færdigt.	It looks like you started translating this but didn't finish.
Det virker lidt off.	This seems a bit off.
Hvad laver Tom i sin fritid?	What does Tom do in his spare time?
Hun skal på arbejde alene.	She's going to work alone.
Jeg havde det bedst.	I was at my best.
Jeg nåede til stationen før Tom gjorde.	I got to the station before Tom did.
Ønsker hun virkelig at dø på denne bakke?	Does she really want to die on this hill?
Forlad mig ikke, åh min skat.	Do not forsake me, oh my darling.
Jeg så en koala.	I saw a koala.
Jeg lader Tom gøre, hvad han vil.	I'll let Tom do what he wants to do.
Jeg gjorde det uden at tænke.	I did it without thinking.
Da jeg var ung, læste jeg mange romaner.	When I was young I used to read a lot of novels.
Synkretisme er min religiøse tilbøjelighed.	Syncretism is my religious inclination.
Jeg har lige set hende.	I just watched her.
Jeg læser romaner.	I read novels.
Tom klarer sig ret godt for en nybegynder.	Tom does pretty well for a beginner.
Tom kom hjem hurtigere, end jeg havde forventet.	Tom came home sooner than I expected.
Der er ingen på arbejde undtagen mig.	There's no one at work except me.
Jeg åbnede døren, da jeg hørte banket, men der var ingen der.	I answered the door when I heard the knock, but there was no one there.
Papir brænder.	Paper burns.
Jeg gik med til at betale Tom, hvad han bad om.	I agreed to pay Tom what he asked for.
Synes du virkelig, at dette maleri er smukt?	Do you really think that this painting is beautiful?
Vi dansede.	We danced.
Jeg lod Tom gøre, hvad han ville.	I allowed Tom do what he wanted to do.
Dette digt udtrykker, hvad forfatteren mener om kærlighed.	This poem expresses what the author thinks about love.
Læg det i denne boks.	Put it in this box.
Var det dig, jeg så med Tom foran posthuset i morges?	Were you the one I saw with Tom in front of the post office this morning?
Jeg forstår ikke, hvad hans egentlige hensigter er.	I don't understand what his real intentions аre.
Min søn kan ikke tale endnu.	My son can't talk yet.
Jeg hørte, at Tom begik selvmord, men jeg troede ikke på det.	I heard that Tom committed suicide, but I didn't believe it.
Han så beundrende på sin far.	He looked admiringly at his father.
Han åbnede langsomt øjnene.	He slowly opened his eyes.
Du burde være udenfor.	You should be outside.
Tom kommer her altid på samme tid hver dag.	Tom always comes here at the same time every day.
Jeg spiste ikke morgenmad.	I didn't eat breakfast.
Tom må være træt efter alt, hvad han gjorde i dag.	Tom must be tired after everything he did today.
Der er ikke noget sådant ord på russisk.	There is no such word in Russian.
Jeg havde ikke brug for hjælp.	I didn't need any help.
Vi har ikke set Tom meget, siden han blev skilt.	We haven't seen Tom much since he got divorced.
Nogen kørte forbi vores hus og råbte: "Faggot commies!"	Someone drove by our house and yelled, "Faggot commies!"
Kunne du tænke dig te?	Would you care for tea?
Tom ligner meget en anden, jeg kender.	Tom looks a lot like someone else that I know.
Hvor mange kasser har du fyldt?	How many boxes did you fill?
Den dreng, der står ved siden af ​​egetræet, er Tom.	That boy standing next to the oak tree is Tom.
Hvordan gjorde de det?	How did they do it?
Jeg håber du kan lide vinen.	I hope you like the wine.
Jeg søgte det job, som Tom fortalte mig om.	I applied for the job that Tom told me about.
Kassen er allerede fuld.	That box is already full.
Tror du, at Tom vil fortælle mig sandheden?	Do you think that Tom will tell me the truth?
Din hund prøvede at bide mig.	Your dog tried to bite me.
Tom arbejder lige så hårdt som resten af ​​hans familie.	Tom works as hard as the rest of his family.
Hvornår var det, Tom sagde det?	When was it that Tom said that?
Jeg fik gode karakterer i denne periode.	I got good grades this term.
Tom må være meget træt efter at have gjort alt det.	Tom must be very tired after doing all that.
Jeg skal til stationen.	I need to go to the station.
Tom tror på alt, hvad Mary fortæller ham.	Tom believes everything that Mary tells him.
Må jeg også få denne?	May I have this one as well?
Hvordan kan jeg få Tom til at være mere opmærksom på mig?	How can I make Tom pay more attention to me?
Vi gik og snakkede.	We were walking and talking.
Du kommer ikke til at fange mig.	You aren't going to catch me.
Hvad fik du af Tom på din fødselsdag?	What did you get from Tom on your birthday?
Jeg venter på dig nedenunder i kaffebaren.	I'm waiting for you downstairs in the coffee shop.
Jeg vil vente på dig under kaffebaren.	I'm going to wait for you underneath the coffeeshop.
Du behøver ikke tage med mig.	You don't need to go with me.
Vi håber, at Tom bliver her et par dage.	We hope that Tom stays here for a few days.
Fede mennesker sveder normalt meget.	Fat people usually sweat a lot.
Tom nægtede at sige noget mere om det.	Tom refusesd to say anything more about it.
Jeg kan godt lide duften af ​​fyrretræer.	I like the smell of pine trees.
Tom var ikke opmærksom på, hvad der foregik.	Tom paid no attention to what was going on.
Mit kamera er bedre end dit.	My camera is better than yours.
Tom inviterede tre af sine venner til middag.	Tom invited three of his friends to dinner.
Jeg ville gerne vide, hvorfor Tom ville gøre det.	I wanted to know why Tom wanted to do that.
Min hund er større end din.	My dog is bigger than yours is.
Tom kom ind i rummet uden tilladelse.	Tom came into the room without permission.
Hvad der derefter skete, var overraskende.	What happened next was surprising.
Tom så Mary og John spille tennis.	Tom watched Mary and John playing tennis.
Jeg ankom efter festen var slut.	I arrived after the party was over.
Tom ville afsted tidligt, og det gjorde jeg også.	Tom wanted to leave early and I did, too.
Jeg læste en rigtig lang bog i sidste uge.	I read a really long book last week.
Tom spiller golf fem eller seks gange om måneden.	Tom plays golf five or six times a month.
Sådan et ord findes ikke på russisk.	There's no such word in Russian.
Er Mary smuk?	Is Mary beautiful?
Jeg ankom efter koncerten var slut.	I arrived after the concert was over.
Tom ligner meget en anden, jeg kender.	Tom looks a lot like someone else I know.
Jeg har glemt min pinkode.	I forgot my PIN.
Jeg ankom efter mødet var slut.	I arrived after the meeting was over.
Farvel, Tatoeba.	Goodbye, Tatoeba.
Det var vildt sjovt.	It was great fun.
Jeg giver Tom lov til at gøre, hvad han vil.	I'll allow Tom to do what he wants to do.
Da jeg kom ind i lokalet var det tomt.	When I came into the room it was empty.
Min vens datter har oprettet en Facebook-konto.	My friend's daughter has created a Facebook account.
Hvilken anden slags musik kan du lide?	What other kind of music do you like?
Han vil kunne lide vinen.	He'll like the wine.
Se!	Look!
Hun er kommet.	She's come.
Fuglen sidder på min fars hoved.	The bird is sitting on my father's head.
Jeg kunne ikke huske deres navne.	I couldn't recall their names.
Jeg vil gerne af med alle disse bøger.	I want to get rid of all these books.
Tom ville afsted tidligt, og det gjorde jeg også.	Tom wanted to leave early and so did I.
Må Gud velsigne dig og din familie.	May God bless you and your family.
Jeg var nysgerrig efter at se, hvad der var indeni.	I was curious to see what was inside.
Tom tjente sin formue på at sælge brugte biler.	Tom made his fortune selling used cars.
Har du spist mad?	Have you eaten food?
Skulle det være et kompliment?	Was that supposed to be a compliment?
Tom har lovet at opføre sig fra nu af.	Tom has promised to behave from now on.
Jeg troede, jeg ville blive glad her.	I thought I was going to be happy here.
Tom gør alt i sidste øjeblik.	Tom does everything at the last minute.
Har du overhovedet forstået noget?	Have you understood anything at all?
Han kopierede alle data.	He copied all the data.
Drengen råbte, mens han bad om hjælp.	The kid shouted as he begged for help.
Hun byggede et luftslot.	She built a castle in the air.
Jeg kommer til at være hjemme fra 5 og venter på dig.	I'm going to be home from 5 waiting for you.
Den mand stjal min håndtaske.	That man stole my handbag.
Jeg spurgte ham venligt, men det nægtede han.	I kindly asked him, but he refused to.
Venligst, sig det igen.	Please, say that again.
Vandet i øllet vil være nok.	The water in the beer will be enough.
Esperanto er 125 år gammel.	Esperanto is 125 years old.
Du lod som om du havde forstået Marys digt.	You pretended you'd understood Mary's poem.
Glem ikke, at vores kat også er en del af familien og ligebehandling værd.	Don't forget our cat is part of the family too, and worth equal treatment.
Disse slanger angriber bare, hvis de føler sig i et hjørne.	These snakes just attack if they feel cornered.
Livredderen blev distraheret ved sin telefon.	The lifeguard was distracted at his phone.
Jeg føler, at han ligner en digter på en eller anden måde.	I feel like he resembles a poet in some way.
Jeg spiser på arbejdet.	I eat at work.
Du er ikke en troværdig person.	You're not a trustworthy person.
Jeg hører, du tog på camping i sidste weekend.	I hear you went to camping last weekend.
Tom tror på alt, hvad Mary fortæller ham.	Tom believes everything Mary tells him.
Hvorfor stopper du?	Why are you stopping?
Lyset er grønt.	The light's green.
Sidst jeg så Tom var for en uge siden.	The last time I saw Tom was a week ago.
Hvad er meningen med at undskylde til hende nu?	What's the point of apologising to her now?
Jeg var nysgerrig efter at se, hvad der var i kassen.	I was curious to see what was in the box.
Vi håber, at Tom bliver her et par dage.	We hope Tom stays here for a few days.
Han bød os velkommen.	He welcomed us.
Hvor længe vil du blive i dette land?	How long do you want to stay in this country?
Jeg sagde, hvad jeg troede.	I said what I thought.
Jeg vil ikke sige, at det er helt korrekt.	I wouldn't say that's absolutely correct.
Jeg skal på markedet.	I'm going to the market.
Tom vil tidligt afsted, og det gør jeg også.	Tom wants to leave early and I do, too.
Det var meget varmt i dag.	It was very hot today.
Jeg var nysgerrig efter at se, hvad der var i rummet.	I was curious to see what was in the room.
Tom læser en bog om havearbejde.	Tom is reading a book about gardening.
Jeg troede, at jeg ville blive glad her.	I thought that I was going to be happy here.
Tom har bygget en mur omkring sit hus.	Tom has built a wall around his house.
Er der noget andet, du gerne vil have mig til at gøre?	Is there something else you'd like me to do?
De tilbød ikke engang at hjælpe mig.	They didn't even offer to help me.
Jeg har set Tom flere gange i denne uge.	I've seen Tom several times this week.
Tom afslørede sig selv offentligt.	Tom exposed himself in public.
Jeg vil ikke sige, at det er helt korrekt.	I wouldn't say that that's absolutely correct.
Jeg spurgte Tom, hvor han havde gået i skole.	I asked Tom where he'd gone to school.
Er der noget andet, du gerne vil have, at jeg skal give dig?	Is there something else you'd like me to get you?
Jeg er også et menneske.	I'm human, too.
Tom vil tidligt afsted, og det vil jeg også.	Tom wants to leave early and so do I.
De tænker på noget andet.	They're thinking about something else.
Jeg vil ikke kramme dig.	I don't want to hug you.
Er denne kvinde en promotor?	Is this woman a promoter?
Det er ægte galskab.	That's real madness.
Han er ikke enig, gør han?	He doesn't agree, does he?
Liften er ude af drift.	The lift is out of order.
Brug venligst trappen.	Please use the stairs.
Jeg fortalte dem ikke at tage med fly.	I told them not to go by plane.
Jeg tog ikke bussen, fordi det var overfyldt.	I didn't take the bus because it was crowded.
Hun tror ikke på, at jeg elsker hende.	She doesn't believe that I love her.
Hvor meget vil det koste mig at komme til lufthavnen herfra?	About how much will it cost me to get to the airport from here?
Tom efterlod sine solbriller hos os.	Tom left his sunglasses at our place.
Jeg har aldrig bedt dig om noget.	I have never asked you for anything.
Jeg følte mig sulten, så jeg gik ud i køkkenet for at få noget at spise.	I felt hungry, so I went into the kitchen to get something to eat.
Jeg har aldrig troet, at krig er godt.	I have never believed that war is good.
Jeg har aldrig troet, at krig er godt.	I've never believed that war is good.
Jeg har aldrig troet på, at konflikt er godt.	I've never believed that conflict is good.
Jeg ved ikke, hvordan man siger det på fransk.	I don't know how to say it in French.
Vil du have mig til at lyve eller fortælle dig sandheden?	Do you want me to lie, or tell you the truth?
Foretrækker du, at jeg lyver for dig, eller fortæller sandheden?	Do you prefer I lie to you, or tell the truth?
Folk, der griner af noget, generer mig for meget!	People that laugh at anything bother me too much!
Jeg spurgte chaufføren, om han talte engelsk.	I asked the driver if he spoke English.
Jeg har altid vidst, at det ikke ville blive nemt.	I always knew it wouldn't be easy.
I dag er det gråt udenfor.	Today, it's gray outside.
Jeg synes, Tatoeba er lidt langsom i dag.	I think Tatoeba is a little slow today.
Giver du mig ikke engang et kys?	Don't you even give me a kiss?
Jeg synes, Tatoeba er lidt langsom i dag.	I think Tatoeba is being a bit slow today.
Pigen er overbevist om, at hun er en prinsesse.	The girl is convinced that she's a princess.
Pigen sidder fast i en fantasi om at være en prinsesse.	The girl is stuck in a fantasy of being a princess.
Jeg spændte min sikkerhedssele.	I fastened my seatbelt.
Jeg vil læse mange sætninger på esperanto.	I will read many sentences in Esperanto.
Kan du vise os et andet rum?	Could you show us another room?
De siger, at der er ved at være en storm.	They say there's about to be a storm.
De siger, at der er en storm på vej.	They say there's a storm coming.
Dette er leveregelen.	This is the rule of life.
Dette er måden at leve på.	This is the way of life.
Tom flyver økonomiklasse for at spare penge.	Tom flies economy class to save money.
Tom flyver økonomi for at spare penge.	Tom flies economy to save money.
Hvor mange spande vand ville det tage at fylde denne swimmingpool?	How many buckets of water would it take to fill this swimming pool?
Maria er rumænsk.	Maria is Romanian.
Jeg skal undervise i Wales.	I'm going to teach in Wales.
Jeg betalte tredive dollars for denne taske.	I paid thirty dollars for this bag.
Prisen for frihed er evig årvågenhed.	The price of freedom is eternal vigilance.
Der var ingen grund til, at du blev vred.	There was no reason for you to get angry.
Jeg undskyldte på fransk.	I apologized in French.
Jeg var flov over, hvad min mor sagde.	I was embarrassed by what my mother said.
Det forventede jeg af Tom.	I expected that from Tom.
Jeg forventede, at noget som dette ville ske.	I expected something like this to happen.
Tom er stadig ikke gift.	Tom is still not married.
Fortæl mig, hvad du ønsker dig til din fødselsdag.	Tell me what you want for your birthday.
Jeg forventede, at Tom ville hjælpe os.	I expected Tom to help us.
Jeg kunne ikke gå, fordi jeg var meget forkølet.	I couldn't go because I had a bad cold.
Jeg forventede at se Tom her.	I expected to see Tom here.
Jeg forventede at få mere udbetalt end dette.	I expected to get paid more than this.
Jeg forventede at finde Tom her.	I expected to find Tom here.
Jeg forventede at blive betalt for at gøre det.	I expected to get paid for doing that.
Tom gjorde det, og det gjorde jeg også.	Tom did that and I did, too.
Jeg forventede, at mødet ville vare længere.	I expected the meeting to last longer.
Vi betalte hver tredive dollars.	We each paid thirty dollars.
Ah, det er derfor, de lamme ænder er jaloux.	Ah, that's why the lame ducks are jealous.
Hvis du kan læse dette, betyder det, at du taler mindst ét ​​sprog, så du er mere end velkommen på Tatoeba!	If you can read this, it means that you speak at least one language, so you're more than welcome on Tatoeba!
Tatoeba: En super database med sætninger og oversættelser, som jeg stolt arbejder på.	Tatoeba: A super database of sentences and translations which I proudly work on.
Forklaringen var meget kompliceret.	The explanation was very complicated.
Jeg elsker virkelig sprog.	I really love languages.
Tak til Tatoeba for at gøre det muligt at studere og hjælpe folk med at lære dem.	Thanks to Tatoeba for making it possible to study and help people learn them.
Jeg elsker virkelig sprog.	I really love languages.
Tak, Tatoeba!	Thank you, Tatoeba!
Du har måske ikke indset det endnu, men jeg er vild med sprog.	You might not have realized it yet, but I'm crazy about languages.
Tom mangler musikalsk talent.	Tom lacks musical talent.
Din veninde Anna tog til Kina denne måned.	Your friend Anna went to China this month.
Det kan blive din adgangsbillet til at gøre din drøm til virkelighed.	It can become your entry ticket to make your dream come true.
Hvad med at lære mig dit sprog?	How about teaching me your language?
Tvisten er endelig afgjort.	The dispute has finally been settled.
Vi gjorde Tom til holdkaptajn.	We made Tom the team captain.
Kom med os!	Come with us!
Du kan opsuge vanddråberne med en klud.	You can soak up the water droplets with a cloth.
Hvorfor kom du her så tidligt?	Why did you get here so early?
Det er bedst at vaske opvasken med miljøvenligt opvaskemiddel.	It is best to wash the dishes with environmentally friendly dishwashing liquid.
Jeg skal på biblioteket i morgen.	I need to go to the library tomorrow.
Det er bedre at vaske opvasken med miljøvenlig opvaskemiddel.	It's better to wash the dishes with eco-friendly dishwashing liquid.
Jeg så Tom krydse broen.	I saw Tom crossing the bridge.
Det er bedre ikke at bruge blegemiddel, mens du vasker.	It's better not to use bleach while doing your laundry.
Jeg kan finde alt, hvad jeg leder efter i Rastgelelik-søgemaskinen.	I can find everything I'm looking for in the Rastgelelik search engine.
Jeg forventede, at det her ville være meget sjovere.	I expected this to be a lot more fun.
Jeg venter, indtil Tom kommer her.	I'll wait until Tom gets here.
Jeg ville ønske, at vi også havde inviteret Tom.	I wish we'd invited Tom as well.
Jeg spiser ofte kun æg til morgenmad.	I often only eat eggs for breakfast.
Det var Tom, der knækkede vasen.	It was Tom who broke the vase.
Jeg forventede at være her hele eftermiddagen.	I expected to be here all afternoon.
Jeg rådede Tom til at gå med det samme.	I advised Tom to leave at once.
I tresserne var arbejdsugen toogfyrre timer.	In the sixties, the work week was forty two hours.
Min mor fodrer hunden.	My mother is feeding the dog.
"Hvor er vores fætre?"	"Where are our cousins?"
"Australien."	"Australia."
Jeg var ved at gå på arbejde.	I was about to go to work.
Jeg forventede, at dette ville ske i går.	I expected this to happen yesterday.
Jeg så Tom komme op ad trappen.	I saw Tom coming up the stairs.
Jeg forstod ikke, hvad du ville.	I didn't understand what you wanted.
Jeg forventede, at Tom ville være med på holdet.	I expected Tom to make the team.
Hvilken del gav ikke mening for dig?	What part didn't make sense to you?
Jeg betalte Tom de penge, jeg skyldte ham.	I paid Tom the money I owed him.
Jeg forventede, at du kom tidligere.	I expected you to get here earlier.
Tom og Mary går ikke i skole.	Tom and Mary don't go to school.
Det bliver koldt.	It'll get cold.
Det bliver koldt.	It's going to become cold.
Det bliver koldt.	It's going to turn cold.
Det bliver koldt.	It will become cold.
Det bliver koldt.	It will turn cold.
Selv stadions PA-melder kunne ikke piske stemningen op.	Even the stadium's PA announcer couldn't whip up the atmosphere.
Til sidst gav de efter.	Finally, they gave in.
Vi spiser morgenmad klokken otte.	We'll have breakfast at eight.
Met Office siger, at det bliver rigtig varmt næste sommer.	The Met Office says it'll be really warm next summer.
Vejrtjenesten siger, at det bliver rigtig varmt næste sommer.	The weather service says it'll be really warm next summer.
Denne gamle mønt er meget sjælden.	This old coin is very rare.
Far, disse ananas er sure!	Dad, these pineapples are sour!
Han kan ikke se godt uden sine briller.	He can't see well without his glasses.
Fra klokken 7 og frem stiger trafikken i byen.	From 7 o'clock onwards, the traffic in the town picks up.
Fra klokken 7 tager trafikken i byen op.	From 7 o'clock on, the traffic in the town picks up.
Han er faldet i vandet.	He's fallen into the water.
Han faldt i vandet.	He fell into the water.
Jeg forventede, at der ville ske noget slemt.	I expected something bad to happen.
Hun gik forbi uden at bemærke mig.	She walked by without noticing me.
Hun gik forbi mig uden at bemærke, at jeg var der.	She passed me by without noticing that I was there.
Tom vil have en computer som din.	Tom wants a computer like yours.
"Hvor længe vil du blive?"	"How long will you be staying?"
"Jeg bliver i en måned."	"I'll be staying for a month."
"Hvor længe bliver du?"	"How long are you staying?"
"Jeg bliver i en måned."	"I'm staying for a month."
Nej, hr. Miller er her ikke.	No, Mr Miller isn't here.
Han spiser frokost, og kommer ikke tilbage før kl.	He's having lunch, and won't be back before 1 p.m.
Nej, hr. Miller er her ikke.	No, Mr Miller's not here.
Han spiser frokost, og er ikke tilbage før kl.	He's having lunch, and won't be back before 1 p.m.
Nej, hr. Miller er her ikke.	No, Mr Miller isn't here.
Han spiser frokost, og kommer ikke tilbage før klokken 1.	He's having lunch, and won't be back before 1 o'clock.
Nej, hr. Miller er her ikke.	No, Mr Miller's not here.
Han spiser frokost, og kommer ikke tilbage før klokken 1.	He's having lunch, and won't be back before 1 o'clock.
Disse mindre operationer udføres under lokalbedøvelse.	Those minor operations are carried out under local anaesthetic.
Disse mindre operationer udføres under lokalbedøvelse.	These minor operations are carried out under local anaesthetic.
Jeg har lavet en svampeomelet.	I've made a mushroom omelette.
Hvem vil have en is?	Who'd like an ice cream?
Hvem vil have en is?	Who would like an ice cream?
Hvem vil have en is?	Who wants an ice cream?
Hvem vil have en is?	Who wants some ice cream?
Et pludseligt vindstød kollapsede korthuset.	A sudden gust of wind collapsed the house of cards.
Er der nogen, der vil have is?	Does anyone want ice cream?
Vil du have en ret is?	Would you like a dish of ice cream?
Hvor ofte spiser du is?	How often do you eat ice cream?
Hvornår har du sidst spist is?	When was the last time you ate ice cream?
Vi havde chokoladeis til dessert.	We had chocolate ice cream for dessert.
Vi gav endelig op.	We finally gave up.
Hun deltog i det møde.	She took part in that meeting.
Hun deltog i det møde.	She attended that meeting.
Denne flaske kan rumme to liter varmt vand.	This bottle can hold two litres of warm water.
Den gamle mand stod ubevægelig ved porten.	The old man stood motionless by the gate.
Levetiden for sådanne batterier er omkring tre år.	The lifespan of such batteries is about three years.
Levetiden for sådanne batterier er omkring tre år.	The lifespan of batteries like that is about three years.
Han skriver spændende romaner.	He writes engaging novels.
Han behøvede ikke selv at komme.	He didn't have to come himself.
Skal du på ferie i år?	Are you going on holiday this year?
Han havde 30 års fødselsdag for nylig.	He had his thirtieth birthday recently.
Han havde brug for hele eftermiddagen for at afslutte arbejdet.	He needed the entire afternoon to finish the work.
Hun glemte sin paraply, så jeg lånte hende min.	She forgot her umbrella, so I lent her mine.
Hun glemte sin brolly, så jeg lånte hende min.	She forgot her brolly, so I lent her mine.
Hun så det igennem til den bitre ende.	She saw it through to the bitter end.
Hun holdt kursen til den bitre ende.	She stayed the course till the bitter end.
En mand spiller en melodi på guitaren.	A man is playing a tune on the guitar.
En mand spiller en melodi på guitaren.	A man is playing a melody on the guitar.
Den første ting at overveje er tid.	The first thing to consider is time.
Han gik kort efter vi ankom.	He left soon after we arrived.
Kan du vække mig i morgen klokken syv?	Could you wake me tomorrow at seven?
Faktisk ville det være godt at starte med det samme.	In fact it would be good to start straight away.
Jeg forventede at have mere travlt end dette.	I expected to be busier than this.
Faktisk ville det være godt at starte med det samme.	Actually, it would be good to start straight away.
Han ville gå ud at gå efter middagen.	He would go out walking after dinner.
Han plejede at gå en tur efter middagen.	He used to go for a walk after dinner.
Han havde for vane at gå en tur efter middagen.	He was in the habit of going for a walk after dinner.
Han skal spille tennis i morgen eftermiddag.	He'll be playing tennis tomorrow afternoon.
Har han en chance for at lykkes?	Has he got a chance of succeeding?
Har han nogen chance for at lykkes?	Has he got any chance of succeeding?
Har han en chance for at lykkes?	Does he have a chance of succeeding?
Tog du kvitteringen?	Did you take the receipt?
Har du taget kvitteringen?	Have you taken the receipt?
Du betaler ved kassen.	You pay at the checkout.
Du betaler i kassen.	You pay at the till.
Du betaler i kassen.	You pay at the cash desk.
Betaling sker ved kassen.	Payment is made at the cash desk.
Betaling sker i kasseapparatet.	Payment is made at the cash register.
Butikken er også åben ved frokosttid.	The shop is also open at lunchtime.
Butikken er også åben i frokosttiden.	The shop is also open during lunchtime.
Tom er hurtig til at kritisere andre.	Tom is quick to criticize others.
Butikken er også åben ved frokosttid.	The shop's open at lunchtime as well.
Klokken er nu seks og femten.	It's now six fifteen.
Klokken er nu seks femten om aftenen.	It's now six fifteen in the evening.
Jeg har ventet på dig i en halv time.	I've been waiting for you for half an hour.
Har du nogensinde smagt en suppe så god?	Have you ever tasted a soup so good?
Har du nogensinde smagt en suppe så god som den?	Have you ever tasted a soup as good as that?
Dette komplicerer problemet yderligere.	This further complicates the problem.
Fra gaden kommer du ind i en stor banegård, hvor billetkontorets skranker er.	From the street you'll come into a big railway station concourse where the ticket office counters are.
Fra gaden kommer du ind i en stor stationshal, hvor skrankerne er.	From the street you come into a big station concourse where the counters are.
Månen er smuk om efteråret.	The moon is beautiful in autumn.
Om efteråret er månen smuk.	In autumn, the moon is beautiful.
Efterårsmånen er smuk.	The autumn moon is beautiful.
Kom nu, lad os få en pint - mit råb.	Come on, let's have a pint — my shout.
Kom så, lad os få en drink - mit råb.	Come on, let's have a drink — my shout.
Dette er den bedste suppe, jeg nogensinde har smagt.	This is the best soup I've ever tasted.
Kom nu, drinksene er på mig.	Come on, the drinks are on me.
Har du nogensinde smagt så god suppe før?	Have you ever tasted soup this good before?
Kom nu, jeg køber en pint til dig.	Come on, I'll buy you a pint.
Kom nu, jeg skal give dig en pint.	Come on, I'll get you a pint.
Kom nu, tag en drink på mig.	Come on, have a drink on me.
Duften af ​​hans mad gjorde alle sultne.	The aroma of his food made everyone hungry.
Duften af ​​hans mad gav alle en appetit.	The aroma of his food gave everyone an appetite.
Vores arbejdsmiljø var godt.	Our working environment was good.
Tom er fanget i et blindgydejob.	Tom is trapped in a dead-end job.
Hans forsøg på at sømme gelé til væggen lykkedes til sidst.	His attempt at nailing jelly to the wall finally succeeded.
Betty havde aldrig en violinkasse.	Betty never had a violin case.
Venligst hils ham.	Please give him my regards.
Judy ser ud som om hun har set et spøgelse.	Judy looks as if she's seen a ghost.
Ikke en sjæl er her.	Not a soul is here.
Vi burde se på kortet.	We should look at the map.
Min taske skal repareres.	My bag needs mending.
Min taske har haft det.	My bag has had it.
Bogen jeg har købt ligger på skrivebordet.	The book I've bought is on the desk.
Bogen, som jeg har købt, ligger på skrivebordet.	The book which I've bought is on the desk.
Jeg er kommet for at undskylde.	I've come to apologise.
Jeg forventede, at dette ville ske før.	I expected this to happen sooner.
Tom bor på toppen af ​​bakken.	Tom lives at the top of the hill.
Jeg forventede, at testen ville være nemmere.	I expected the test to be easier.
Tom tænker ikke på andre end sig selv.	Tom thinks of nobody but himself.
De er ikke lokale.	They're not local.
Det er til dig, Tom.	It's for you, Tom.
Bogen jeg købte ligger på skrivebordet.	The book I bought is on the desk.
Bogen jeg købte ligger på skrivebordet.	The book that I bought is on the desk.
Jeg forventede at blive valgt til kaptajn.	I expected to be chosen captain.
Tom arbejder primært som freelancer.	Tom works mainly as a freelancer.
Jeg forventede, at jobbet ville være lettere.	I expected the job to be easier.
Dronning af Ungarn Maria Theresia beordrede, at sigøjnere skulle kaldes nyungarere, men udtrykket fangede ikke.	Queen of Hungary Maria Theresia ordered that Gypsies be called New Hungarians, but the term did not catch on.
Jeg forventede, at Tom ville hjælpe os med det.	I expected Tom to help us do that.
Jeg forventede, at nogen var der.	I expected somebody to be there.
Tom løftede spørgende et øjenbryn.	Tom raised an eyebrow quizzically.
Det skal vi huske at gøre.	We have to remember to do that.
Tom vil for altid være i vores hjerter.	Tom will forever be in our hearts.
Jeg købte en hat til Tom.	I bought a hat for Tom.
Jeg købte Tom en hat.	I bought Tom a hat.
Vi må ikke slå mælken håndmalket af andre.	We must not beat the milk hand-milked by others.
Jeg vil ikke stille flere spørgsmål.	I won't ask any more questions.
Tom tørrede sveden af ​​sit ansigt.	Tom wiped the sweat from his face.
Jeg forventede at blive bedt om at synge.	I expected to be asked to sing.
Vi havde en god tid til Toms fest.	We had a good time at Tom's party.
Jeg spiller et videospil.	I'm playing a video game.
Hold dine blodige heste.	Hold your bloody horses.
Vi havde en uenighed.	We had a difference of opinion.
Nattergalen var på en gren.	The nightingale was on a branch.
Han nægtede at svare på det spørgsmål.	He refused to answer that question.
Jeg forventede, at det her ville være sjovere.	I expected this to be more fun.
Vi skulle ikke have ladet Tom gøre det.	We shouldn't have let Tom do that.
Vi har altid været gode fuck-kammerater.	We were always very good fuck buddies.
Hvor kan du finde en sand ven?	Where can you find a true friend?
Vi har altid været meget gode fuck-kammerater.	We've always been very good fuck buddies.
Jeg forventede sådan noget.	I expected something like that.
Tom lytter slet ikke til musik.	Tom doesn't listen to music at all.
Hun var væmmet af sin uskyldige mand og skilte sig fra ham.	Disgusted with her good-for-nothing husband, she divorced him.
Der er altid andre tilbud.	There are always other offers.
Jeg forventede, at nogen var der.	I expected someone to be there.
Tom fandt endelig sine manglende nøgler.	Tom finally found his missing keys.
Katia kan cykle uden hænder.	Katia can ride a bike no-handed.
Hun slettede ham fra sin hukommelse.	She erased him from her memory.
Katia kan cykle uden at holde i styret.	Katia can ride a bicycle without holding the handlebars.
Hendes ryg gør ondt.	Her back hurts.
Tom tager aldrig et tog.	Tom never takes a train.
Mødet er næste torsdag.	The meeting is next Thursday.
Betal for hvad du vil.	Pay for whatever you want.
Vi ser på en smuk tulipan.	We're looking at a beautiful tulip.
Jeg forventede at komme her før.	I expected to get here sooner.
Den måde Tom taler på gør mig nervøs.	The way Tom speaks makes me nervous.
Jeg vil have dig til at ringe hjem lige nu.	I want you to call home right now.
Foma er min lillebror.	Foma is my younger brother.
Han har tilgivet sin fjende.	He's forgiven his enemy.
Jeg må bede dig om at undskylde mig.	I must ask you to excuse me.
Tom og Mary går ikke i skole endnu.	Tom and Mary don't go to school yet.
Frakken hun ville have var ekstremt dyr.	The coat she wanted was extremely expensive.
Jeg tror ikke bare, han lyver: Jeg ved det.	I don't just think he's lying: I know it.
Pludselig følte jeg mig meget træt.	Suddenly I felt very tired.
Han har ansvarsfølelse.	He has a sense of responsibility.
Jeg betalte Tom de penge tilbage, jeg skyldte ham.	I paid Tom back the money I owed him.
Jeg forventede, at du ville sige mere.	I expected you to say more.
Jeg betalte Tom de penge, jeg skyldte ham.	I paid Tom the money that I owed him.
Hvor langt vil du gå?	How far do you want to go?
Jeg forventede, at det ville koste mere.	I expected it to cost more.
Huset med det røde tag er Toms.	The house with the red roof is Tom's.
Min telefon oplader stadig.	My phone is still charging.
Jeg spillede tennis i går.	I played tennis yesterday.
Jeg tror, ​​at Tom vil være i stand til at udføre jobbet.	I think that Tom will be able to do the job.
Når du krydser en travl gade, så vær opmærksom.	When you cross a busy street, pay attention.
Hvad laver din søn i Tyskland?	What is your son doing in Germany?
Hvorfor er du så sikker på, at det virkelig er ham?	Why are you so certain it's really him?
Han snorker højlydt, mens han sover.	He snores loudly while sleeping.
Jeg kan ikke gå med til denne plan.	I can't agree to this plan.
Jeg stillede kun ét spørgsmål.	I only asked one question.
Flyet, som Tom er på, kan være forsinket.	The plane that Tom is on could be late.
Vores bedstemor har mange hunde.	Our grandmother has many dogs.
Jeg forventede noget andet.	I expected something else.
Jeg betalte Tom de penge tilbage, som jeg skyldte ham.	I paid Tom back the money that I owed him.
Min elev havde en kat.	My student had a cat.
Dette er en by i vores land.	This is a city in our country.
Jeg åbnede langsomt mine øjne.	I slowly opened my eyes.
Beskrivelsen Tom gav var meget detaljeret.	The description Tom gave was very detailed.
Tror du stadig på ham?	Do you still believe him?
Takket være en enestående kvalitetstilgang har virksomheden opbygget et brandimage, der sikrer dens position på internationale markeder.	Thanks to an outstanding quality approach, the company has built up a brand image that ensures its position in international markets.
Jeg forventede dette spørgsmål.	I expected this question.
Desværre gik Tom ikke med til at hjælpe os.	Unfortunately, Tom didn't agree to help us.
Hvis jeg havde mange penge, ville jeg rejse rundt i verden.	If I had a lot of money, I would travel around the world.
Hvordan har din bedstefar det?	How is your grandfather doing?
Du kan oprette sætninger, der allerede findes et sted.	You can create sentences that already exist somewhere.
Hun ville ikke have været træt, hvis hun var gået tidligere i seng.	She wouldn't have been tired if she had gone to bed earlier.
De gav mig to elever til hjælp.	They gave me two students for help.
Jeg fik to elever til at hjælpe mig.	I was given two students to help me.
Jeg forventede disse resultater.	I expected these results.
Jeg var ikke klar over, at Toms hus var brændt ned.	I wasn't aware that Tom's house had burned down.
Hvad ved du om dette universitet?	What do you know about this university?
Er der nogen her, der går under navnet Tom?	Does anyone here go by the name of Tom?
Jeg mødte en mand, der gjorde sig kendt for mig som Tom.	I met a man who made himself known to me as Tom.
Hej solskin.	Hello, sunshine.
Tom er nye penge.	Tom is new money.
Tom kommer fra gamle penge.	Tom comes from old money.
Dette er den rigtige McCoy.	This is the real McCoy.
Har du en bøf med mig?	Do you have a beef with me?
Tak for tilbuddet, men jeg går forbi.	Thanks for the offer, but I'll pass.
Vandrestien går parallelt med floden.	The hiking trail parallels the river.
Jeg er overbevist om, at Tom var den, der gjorde det.	I'm convinced that Tom was the one who did that.
Vi klatrede op ad bakken.	We climbed up the hill.
Tom dyrker mange slags grøntsager i sin have.	Tom grows many kinds of vegetables in his garden.
Alle dem, der kværner vinden, tror, ​​de kan vokse.	All those who churn the wind believe they can grow.
Jeg læser økonomi.	I'm studying economics.
Lidelse er ikke en dyd.	Suffering is not a virtue.
Desværre besøgte vi ikke Tom, når vi kunne.	Unfortunately, we didn't visit Tom when we could.
Lidelse er ikke en dyd.	Suffering isn't a virtue.
Min kæreste kan ikke lide blomster.	My girlfriend doesn't like flowers.
Det bliver snart forår.	It will soon be spring.
Jeg forventede et jobtilbud.	I expected a job offer.
Nogle gange siger Tom ting, som han ikke tror på.	Sometimes Tom says things that he doesn't believe.
Her er ingen blomster.	There are no flowers here.
Jeg køber en hest.	I'll buy a horse.
Jeg tror det kan slettes.	I think it can be deleted.
Jeg forventede en forhøjelse.	I expected a raise.
Jeg forventede at se Tom til festen, men han var der ikke.	I expected to see Tom at the party, but he wasn't there.
Det forventede jeg.	I expected that.
En helikopter fløj over hovedet, lige da Tom skulle til at fri til Mary.	A helicopter flew overhead just as Tom was about to propose to Mary.
Han er træt af arbejdet.	He is tired of work.
Dette er ikke hans telefon.	This is not his phone.
Dette er virkelig et mesterværk.	This really is a masterpiece.
Vi blev bombarderet med spørgsmål.	We were bombarded with questions.
Tandlægen tog mit hulrum ud.	The dentist took out my cavity.
I dag er bestemt ikke min dag.	Today is definitely not my day.
Jeg tænker på, hvad der skete.	I'm thinking about what happened.
Tom fodrer hunden.	Tom feeds the dog.
Jeg har aldrig haft en sag for min violin.	I never had a case for my violin.
Jeg sang en duet med Tom.	I sang a duet with Tom.
Jeg blev venner med vagterne.	I became friends with the guards.
Tom fodrer hunden.	Tom is feeding the dog.
Siv er meget nærende.	Reeds are very nutritious.
Jeg er bange for, at du bliver nødt til at gå.	I'm afraid you'll have to leave.
Jeg fortalte Tom, at jeg havde set Mary.	I told Tom I'd seen Mary.
Jeg vil gerne lære mere om dette.	I want to learn more about this.
Jeg spurgte Tom om hans råd.	I asked Tom for his advice.
Jeg tabte ved et uheld min telefon.	I accidentally dropped my phone.
Jeg fulgte med Tom til Boston.	I accompanied Tom to Boston.
Jeg har en tjeneste at bede dig om.	I have a favour to ask of you.
Jeg begynder at savne Boston.	I'm beginning to miss Boston.
Jeg købte noget til aftensmad.	I bought something for dinner.
Jeg går ud fra, at Tom gik ind igen.	I assume Tom went back inside.
Jeg deltog i en fest i går aftes.	I attended a party last night.
Jeg fortalte Tom, at jeg havde set Mary.	I told Tom that I'd seen Mary.
Jeg forstår ikke deres ord, men jeg ved, at de taler fransk.	I don't understand their words, but I know that they're speaking French.
Jeg er bange for, at du bliver nødt til at gå.	I'm afraid you'll have to go.
Jeg har ikke meget tiltro til Tom.	I don't have much faith in Tom.
Jeg rakte en skovl til Tom.	I handed a shovel to Tom.
Jeg rakte Tom en skovl.	I handed Tom a shovel.
Jeg gik til politistationen.	I went to the police station.
Jeg vil bede Tom om et lån.	I'm going to ask Tom for a loan.
Jeg vil have en æske i denne størrelse.	I want a box about this size.
Jeg prøvede at komme i kontakt med Tom.	I tried to get in touch with Tom.
Jeg fik hjælp.	I got help.
Jeg kunne ikke lide den skjorte, som Tom gav mig til min fødselsdag, så jeg gav den til John.	I didn't like the shirt that Tom gave me for my birthday, so I gave it to John.
Er Tom blind?	Is Tom blind?
Jeg skrev en bog om Australien.	I wrote a book about Australia.
Jeg drak vin.	I drank wine.
Jeg vidste ikke præcis, hvornår Tom ville komme og hente mig.	I didn't know exactly when Tom would be coming to pick me up.
Jeg har gjort et godt stykke arbejde.	I've done a good job.
Jeg blev forelsket i en pige fra Boston.	I fell in love with a girl from Boston.
Jeg ringede til Tom, men en pige tog telefonen.	I called Tom, but a girl answered the phone.
Tanken om at besøge en kirke gør mig utilpas.	The idea of visiting a church makes me uncomfortable.
Tanken om at besøge en kirke undrer mig.	The idea of visiting a church weirds me out.
Jeg har brug for et skrivebord.	I need a desk.
Tom siger, at der er et hjemsøgt hus i hans nabolag.	Tom says that there is a haunted house in his neighborhood.
Toms fætter bor i Australien.	Tom's cousin lives in Australia.
Toms tante bor i Australien.	Tom's aunt lives in Australia.
Tanken om at besøge en kirke får mig til at føle mig utilpas.	The idea of visiting a church makes me feel uncomfortable.
Tom nærmede sig døren.	Tom approached the door.
Jeg var på kanten.	I was on edge.
Jeg boede et par gader væk fra Tom, da vi var børn.	I lived a couple of blocks away from Tom when we were kids.
Jeg skal bruge et bord.	I need a table.
Jeg ved ikke præcis, hvornår Tom kommer og henter mig.	I don't know exactly when Tom will be coming to pick me up.
Jeg tjekkede min olie.	I checked my oil.
Jeg førte dagbog på fransk, da jeg var gymnasieelev.	I kept a diary in French when I was a high school student.
Hvis du jager to kaniner, får du ingen af ​​dem.	If you chase two rabbits you get neither.
Jeg venter på dig i Berlin.	I'm waiting for you in Berlin.
Smørret i æsken er smeltet.	The butter in the box has melted.
Fangerne skal løslades.	The prisoners must be released.
Vi bruger kun naturlige materialer.	We use only natural materials.
Han tager til Mongoliet den 14. juni.	He'll go to Mongolia on the 14th of June.
Jeg forstår ikke, hvorfor jeg skal gøre det her.	I don't understand why I have to do this.
Tre ting hjælper en til at klare livets strabadser: håb, søvn og latter.	Three things help one bear the hardships of life: hope, sleep, and laughter.
Denne løgn plager min samvittighed.	This lie troubles my conscience.
I Frankrig kommer fornavnet før efternavnet.	In France the first name comes before the surname.
I Frankrig kommer fornavnet før efternavnet.	In France the first name comes before the last name.
Du er ikke en typisk nordmand alligevel.	You're not a typical Norwegian anyway.
Tvivlen tynger min sjæl.	Doubt weighs on my soul.
Jeg sænkede min pistol.	I lowered my gun.
Spørg mig ikke om noget.	Don't ask me about anything.
Han var meget venlig og ansvarlig.	He was very kind and responsible.
Tom er tynget af ensomhed.	Tom is burdened by loneliness.
Jeg flyttede til Boston kort efter at have dimitteret fra college.	I moved to Boston shortly after graduating from college.
Jeg forstår ikke hvorfor alt dette er nødvendigt.	I don't understand why all this is necessary.
Jeg venter på svar på mine spørgsmål.	I'm waiting for an answer to my questions.
Jeg har travlt med at lede efter et værelse.	I'm busy looking for a room.
Når katte jager mus, miaver de ikke.	When cats hunt mice, they don't meow.
Sneen er ikke smeltet endnu.	The snow hasn't melted yet.
Sneen er ikke tøet op endnu.	The snow hasn't thawed yet.
Vi skjulte vores ansigter.	We hid our faces.
Jeg kan ikke lide den skjorte, som Tom gav mig til min fødselsdag.	I don't like the shirt that Tom gave me for my birthday.
Jeg fik ikke lov til at gøre de ting, jeg ville.	I was not allowed to do the things I wanted.
Jeg går der sjældent.	I rarely go there.
Klokken er lige over seks.	It's just past six.
Jeg boede i en lille by i Australien i flere år.	I lived in a small town in Australia for several years.
Jeg byggede denne port og dens døre for min egen regning.	I built this gate and its doors at my own expense.
Er der forsvundet noget?	Has anything gone missing?
Jeg låste dørene.	I locked the doors.
Jeg vidste ikke, hvilken retning Tom ville komme fra.	I didn't know which direction Tom would be coming from.
Jeg sænkede mit sværd.	I lowered my sword.
Jeg kom her for længe siden.	I got here a long time ago.
Tom siger, at der er et hjemsøgt hus i hans nabolag.	Tom says there is a haunted house in his neighborhood.
Måske, som du siger, er vi idioter.	Maybe, as you are saying, we are idiots.
Jeg er ved at lære at svømme.	I'm learning how to swim.
Hvilken størrelse har han på?	What size does he wear?
På hvilket universitet vil du læse?	In which university do you want to study?
Et hundrede og halvtreds gram eller mindre.	A hundred and fifty grams or less.
Hvad er dit svage punkt?	What's your weak spot?
Sprog ændrer sig konstant.	Languages are constantly changing.
Nogle hurtige, nogle langsomme.	Some fast, some slow.
Jeg har intet med det her at gøre.	I have nothing to do with this.
Fortsæt med at træne.	Keep on training.
Jeg kan godt lide at gå i biografen med venner.	I like going to the cinema with friends.
Det lyder som noget fransk for mig.	Sounds like something French to me.
Jeg kender alle på billedet.	I know everyone in the picture.
Jeg drak et par øl.	I drank a few beers.
Min familie flyttede til Boston, da jeg var tre måneder gammel.	My family moved to Boston when I was three months old.
Er Jim kommet endnu?	Has Jim come yet?
Min kone vil bekymre sig, hvis jeg ikke ringer til hende.	My wife will worry if I don't call her.
Du er lige gået i bad.	You've just taken a shower.
Hvad?	What?
Det er umuligt.	It's impossible.
Indtast en efter en, tak.	Enter one by one, please.
Indtast venligst én ad gangen.	Enter one at a time, please.
Jeg identificerede mig selv.	I identified myself.
Jeg gravede i omkring tredive minutter og tog derefter en pause.	I dug for about thirty minutes and then took a break.
Observer fiskens svømning i vandet, og du vil forstå fuglenes flugt i luften.	Observe the swimming of fish in the water and you will understand the flight of birds in the air.
hvis du gør det, vil vores venskab være forbi.	if you do that our friendship will be over.
Jeg foreslog et andet projekt til udvalget.	I proposed another project to the committee.
Stå i en lige linje.	Stand in a straight line.
Køb mig en skildpadde, mor, køb en skildpadde til mig!	Please buy me a turtle, mum, please buy me a turtle!
Hvor har du købt denne mælk?	Where did you buy this milk?
Dagens hovedmåltid bestod af fem retter.	The main meal of the day consisted of five dishes.
Johano kiggede på en ko.	Johano looked at a cow.
Pink er en unaturlig hårfarve.	Pink is an unnatural hair color.
Jeg grinede nervøst.	I laughed nervously.
I nat så han et uidentificeret flyvende objekt på himlen.	Last night he saw an unidentified flying object in the sky.
Dem vil jeg gerne smage.	I would like to taste them.
Jeg vidste ikke, hvornår Tom ville komme og hente mig.	I didn't know when Tom would be coming to pick me up.
Måske er du kold, siden du ryster?	Maybe you are cold since you are shivering?
Der var en elg midt på vejen.	There was a moose in the middle of the road.
Hun kommer normalt på arbejde kl. 8.00.	She usually comes to work at 8am.
Det er ikke muligt at få alt i livet.	It is not possible to have everything in life.
Hvornår skete ulykken?	When did the accident occur?
Jeg ligger i sengen med feber.	I am in bed with a fever.
Hvem købte en bog i butikken?	Who bought a book in the shop?
Nå, sker det snart?	Well, will that happen soon?
En pige har feber.	A girl has a fever.
Tom drømmer om en kvinde med smukke øjne og et attraktivt smil.	Tom dreams about a woman with gorgeous eyes and an attractive smile.
På cykel kunne jeg have nået dit hjem på tyve minutter.	By bicycle I could have reached your home in twenty minutes.
Er det en søn eller datter?	Is that a son or daughter?
Jeg spiser dine bananer.	I will eat your bananas.
Hvor er vinen? -- Det er i glasset.	Where is the wine? -- It is in the glass.
Tal ikke til mig på esperanto, tal til mig på engelsk.	Don't speak to me in Esperanto, speak to me in English.
Jeg bad Tom om at parkere sin bil igen.	I asked Tom to re-park his car.
Jeg bad Tom flytte sin bil.	I asked Tom to move his car.
Hvis du ikke vil gøre det, så behøver du ikke gøre det.	If you don't want to do it, then you don't need to do it.
Da kejser Titus var ved at dø, sagde han: "Brænd dette legeme, og spred dets aske over de syv have, så jødernes Gud ikke skal finde mig og stå til dom over mig."	When the emperor Titus was dying, he said, "Burn this body, and scatter its ashes across the seven seas, so that the God of the Jews will not find me and stand in judgment over me."
Jeg skrev fem breve til hende.	I wrote five letters to her.
Jeg er nu medlem af den lokale lejeforening.	I am now a member of the local association of renters.
Lidt er stadig bedre end ingenting.	A little is still better than nothing.
Jeg sænkede min pistol.	I lowered my pistol.
Jeg åbnede bildøren og trak Tom ud af bilen.	I opened the car door and pulled Tom out of the car.
Nutidens unge er dristigere.	Today's youth are bolder.
Forsøg ikke engang at gøre dette selv.	Don't even try to do this by yourself.
Jeg pillede låget af.	I pried off the lid.
Jeg rejste mig for at gå, men Tom bad mig sætte mig ned igen.	I got up to leave, but Tom told me to sit back down.
Jeg tog låget af.	I pried the lid off.
Aldrig i mit liv har jeg set sådan et regnskyl.	Never in my life have I seen such a downpour.
Jeg ved ikke, hvornår Tom kommer og henter mig.	I don't know when Tom will be coming to pick me up.
Magt er pligt; frihed er ansvar.	Power is duty; freedom is responsibility.
Hver fugl har sin sang.	Every bird has its song.
Hvorfor ser du på Solen?	Why are you looking at the Sun?
Hun laver nipsgenstande af plexiglas.	She makes trinkets out of plexiglass.
Stop venligst ved busstoppestedet.	Please stop at the bus stop.
"Taler du russisk?"	"Do you speak Russian?"
"Ja, lidt."	"Yeah, a bit."
Jeg venter på din besked.	I'm waiting for your message.
Jeg venter på din tekst.	I'm waiting for your text.
"Goddag, Tom!"	"Good afternoon, Tom!"
"Goddag, Mary!"	"Good afternoon, Mary!"
Jeg svarede hurtigt.	I quickly responded.
Jeg var ikke opmærksom på, hvad Tom lavede.	I didn't pay any attention to what Tom was doing.
De gider ikke vente så længe.	They don't want to wait so long.
Tom tog imod gaverne.	Tom accepted the gifts.
Det er et virkelig smukt ord.	This is a really beautiful word.
Du skal opfylde dine opgaver.	You must fulfil your tasks.
Tom er en dårlig spiser.	Tom is a bad eater.
Jeg tror på, at regnen er forbi.	I believe the rain is over.
Dette er en smuk og rolig have.	This is a beautiful and quiet garden.
Tom ydmygede mig foran alle.	Tom humiliated me in front of everyone.
Jeg løb til garagen.	I ran to the garage.
Hvorfor er der så larm her?	Why is it so noisy here?
Jeg taler ikke fransk, men jeg forstår en smule.	I don't speak French, but I do understand a bit.
Jeg sad ved døren.	I sat near the door.
Jeg modtog en sms fra Tom om, at han ville komme for sent.	I received a text from Tom saying he'd be late.
Tom er slank, ikke fordi han ikke spiser meget, men af ​​en anden grund.	Tom is slim, not because he doesn't eat much, but for another reason.
Jeg gik ind i skoven.	I entered the forest.
Jeg kunne ikke få flere oplysninger ud af Tom.	I couldn't get any more information out of Tom.
Jeg hørte en pistol gå af.	I heard a gun go off.
Hvad hedder dette spil?	What is this game called?
Vi skal afslutte dette projekt inden oktober.	We need to finish this project before October.
Har dine brødre vundet kampen?	Have your brothers won the match?
Jeg havde aldrig et valg.	I never had a choice.
Jeg har haft tre forskellige job det sidste år.	I've had three different jobs this past year.
Jeg løb ind i skoven.	I ran into the woods.
Jeg fik ikke flere oplysninger ud af Tom.	I didn't get any more information out of Tom.
Jeg har nogle snacks.	I've got some snacks.
Jeg kunne ikke undgå at bemærke, at Tom stirrede på mig.	I couldn't help but notice Tom staring at me.
Det skal vi vide.	We need to know that.
Jeg fandt ud af, at Tom boede i Boston.	I found out that Tom used to live in Boston.
I overmorgen bliver det søndag.	The day after tomorrow will be Sunday.
Han spurgte, om han kunne, men det blev afvist.	He asked if he could, but it was refused.
Jeg slog en øl op.	I cracked open a beer.
Jeg genkendte ikke den sang, Tom sang.	I didn't recognize the song Tom was singing.
Jeg faldt hurtigt i søvn.	I fell quickly asleep.
Jeg boede i downtown Boston i tre år.	I lived in downtown Boston for three years.
Jeg gemte mig bag døren.	I hid behind the door.
Jeg forventede egentlig ikke, at Tom ville tale med Mary.	I didn't really expect Tom to talk to Mary.
Mit liv tilhører ikke mig.	My life does not belong to me.
Jeg lod min bil køre.	I left my car running.
Tom og jeg havde en interessant samtale.	Tom and I had an interesting conversation.
Hun forsøgte to gange at begå selvmord.	She twice tried to commit suicide.
Jeg åbnede døren.	I pried the door open.
Jeg har brændt alle de billeder, jeg havde af Tom.	I've burned all the pictures I had of Tom.
Jeg løb hen til busstoppestedet.	I ran to the bus stop.
Jeg forventer egentlig ikke, at Tom taler med Mary.	I don't really expect Tom to talk to Mary.
Min hund er større end din.	My dog is bigger than yours.
Jeg tog en lommelygte med.	I brought a flashlight.
Jeg svarede ikke på Toms tekst med det samme.	I didn't respond to Tom's text right away.
Vi taler svensk.	We speak Swedish.
Du kommer til at elektrokutere dig selv, hvis du ikke er mere forsigtig.	You're going to electrocute yourself if you aren't more careful.
Jeg tændte lyset.	I flipped on the light.
Jeg kunne ikke lide, at Tom gik igennem mine ting.	I didn't like Tom going through my things.
Ja, tag til Tatoeba og skriv det der!	Yep, go to Tatoeba and write it there!
Jeg havde en dejlig aften.	I had a lovely evening.
Jeg åbnede bildøren og trak Tom ud.	I opened the car door and pulled Tom out.
Jeg har min egen computer.	I have my own computer.
Jeg forventede egentlig ikke, at Tom ville tale med mig.	I didn't really expect Tom to talk to me.
Jeg har tonsvis af venner.	I have tons of friends.
Tom er lige startet i børnehaven i denne uge.	Tom just started kindergarten this week.
Jeg sparkede døren op.	I kicked the door open.
Jeg er ked af, at jeg ikke gjorde noget for at hjælpe Tom.	I regret not doing anything to help Tom.
Jeg lod persiennerne stå åbne.	I left the blinds open.
Jeg troede oprindeligt, at Tom var canadier.	I initially thought Tom was a Canadian.
Tom mistede synet.	Tom lost his sight.
Tom har mistet synet.	Tom has lost his sight.
Tom taler kun ét sprog.	Tom only speaks one language.
Tom sælger radioer.	Tom sells radios.
Jeg kan godt lide vampyrhistorier.	I like vampire stories.
Jeg så Tom kaste noget efter din hund.	I saw Tom throw something at your dog.
Jeg åbnede bagdøren.	I opened the back door.
Jeg tog ikke Toms trusler seriøst.	I didn't take Tom's threats seriously.
Jeg er en af ​​lederne.	I'm one of the leaders.
Jeg besluttede at overnatte hos Tom.	I decided to spend the night at Tom's.
Jeg synes, det er et fornuftigt valg.	I think that that's a sensible choice.
Ænder er gode kæledyr.	Ducks make great pets.
Jeg kan ikke komme til døren.	I can't get to the door.
Tom stod lige foran os.	Tom was standing just in front of us.
Jeg krøb på alle fire.	I crouched on all fours.
Jeg tog min telefon frem og ringede til Tom.	I pulled my phone out and called Tom.
Det var ikke det, der blev aftalt.	That's not what was agreed.
Han gør altid kun det, der er bedst for ham.	He always does only what is most convenient for him.
Det sidste stykke var brutalt.	The last stretch was brutal.
Det sidste afsnit var brutalt.	The last section was brutal.
Du er knust.	You're shattered.
Du er skør.	You're knackered.
Du er slået ud.	You're whacked out.
Du er slidt.	You're worn out.
Måske skal du drikke mindre.	Maybe you should drink less.
Der er ikke faldet et eneste snefnug.	Not a single snowflake has fallen.
Hun er den bedste elev.	She's the best pupil.
Hun er den bedste elev.	She's the best student.
Hold mikrofonen lidt længere væk fra din mund.	Hold the microphone a bit further away from your mouth.
Hun er en usædvanlig god elev.	She's an exceptionally good student.
Sandsynligheden er ikke nul, men det er den næsten.	The probability isn't zero, but it almost is.
Sandsynligheden er ikke nul, men det er den næsten.	The probability's not zero, but it almost is.
De har vundet for tredje år i træk.	They have won for the third year in a row.
De har vundet for tredje år i træk.	They have won for the third year in succession.
De vandt for tredje år i træk.	They won for the third year in a row.
De vandt for tredje år i træk.	They won for the third year in succession.
Bøgerne er faldet ned fra hylden.	The books have fallen from the shelf.
Bøgerne er faldet ned af hylden.	The books have fallen off the shelf.
Bøgerne faldt ned fra hylden.	The books fell from the shelf.
Bøgerne faldt ned af hylden.	The books fell off the shelf.
Hylden var dårligt monteret.	The shelf was mounted badly.
Hylden var dårligt sat op.	The shelf was put up badly.
Det er ikke let for nogen i øjeblikket.	It's not easy for anyone at the moment.
Det er det sidste hul.	That's the last hole.
Ingen giver lyd fra sig.	No one's making a sound.
Træneren giver dem instruktioner.	The coach gives them instructions.
Træneren giver dem instruktioner.	The coach is giving them instructions.
Lederen giver dem instruktioner.	The manager is giving them instructions.
Lederen giver dem instruktioner.	The manager gives them instructions.
Sæsonen er slut for ham.	The season is over for him.
Sæsonen er slut for ham.	The season's over for him.
Hans sæson er slut.	His season is over.
Han siger, at han blev snavset.	He says he was fouled.
Han siger, at det ikke var et mål.	He says it wasn't a goal.
Han siger, at spilleren var væk fra banen.	He says the player was off the pitch.
Han siger, at spilleren ikke var på banen.	He says the player wasn't on the pitch.
Dommeren fløjter i sidste fløjt.	The referee blows the final whistle.
Dommeren fløjter i sidste fløjte.	The referee is blowing the final whistle.
Han kan ikke spille videre.	He can't play on.
Han kan ikke fortsætte med at spille.	He can't continue playing.
Han er blevet sendt afsted.	He's been sent off.
Han er blevet sendt afsted.	He has been sent off.
Han er blevet sendt af banen.	He has been sent off the pitch.
Han har vist ham det røde kort.	He's shown him the red card.
Han har vist ham det røde kort.	He has shown him the red card.
Han viste ham det røde kort.	He showed him the red card.
Dommeren viser ham et kort.	The referee is showing him a card.
Dommeren viser ham et kort.	The referee is showing a card to him.
Forsvarsspilleren har forfulgt ham.	The defender has fouled him.
Forsvarsspilleren besejrede ham.	The defender fouled him.
Den der har ikke en skjorte på.	That one there hasn't got a shirt on.
Den der har ikke en vest på.	That one there hasn't got a vest on.
At man ikke har en skjorte på.	That one doesn't have a shirt on.
At man ikke har en vest på.	That one doesn't have a vest on.
Han vil ikke være i form i tide.	He won't be fit in time.
Han vil gå glip af hele sæsonen.	He'll miss the whole season.
Han spiller ikke mere i denne sæson.	He won't play any more this season.
Han bliver ude i to måneder.	He will be out for two months.
Han sårede sit håndled.	He injured his wrist.
Kampen blev stoppet.	The match was stopped.
Spillet blev stoppet.	The game was stopped.
Spillet blev afbrudt.	The game was interrupted.
Han lignede en mumie.	He looked like a mummy.
Hans fod var også bandageret.	His foot was bandaged as well.
De bandagede hans hoved.	They bandaged his head.
De satte en bandage på hans hoved.	They put a bandage on his head.
Han blev ført væk på en båre.	He was taken away on a stretcher.
Han blev båret bort på en båre.	He was carried away on a stretcher.
Han forhindrede mange mål.	He prevented a lot of goals.
Han lavede mange redninger.	He made a lot of saves.
Hun har såret sin hånd.	She has injured her hand.
Hun sårede sin hånd.	She injured her hand.
Han har forstuvet sin ankel.	He has sprained his ankle.
Hun har skadet sin skulder.	She has injured her shoulder.
Hun sårede sin skulder.	She injured her shoulder.
Han faldt akavet.	He fell awkwardly.
Han er faldet akavet.	He has fallen awkwardly.
Har du taget din kolbe med?	Have you brought your flask?
Har du taget din kolbe med?	Did you bring your flask?
Ferien nærmer sig.	The holidays are coming up.
Jeg tabte min lommelygte.	I dropped my flashlight.
Jeg har mødt mange mennesker fra Australien.	I've met many people from Australia.
Kunne du få dette oversat?	Could you get this translated?
Må jeg få dig til at oversætte dette for mig?	Could I get you to translate this for me?
Vil du have noget imod at oversætte dette til fransk for mig?	Would you mind translating this into French for me?
Kan du få nogen til at oversætte dette for mig?	Could you get someone to translate this for me?
Jeg hørte en summende lyd.	I heard a buzzing noise.
Jeg lagde mærke til, at Tom sov i klassen.	I noticed Tom was sleeping in class.
Jeg ved, hvem den pige er.	I know who that girl is.
Jeg forventede ikke, at Tom ville tale med Mary.	I didn't expect Tom to talk to Mary.
Det ville være bedre, hvis du sørgede for, at han er hjemme, før du ringer til ham.	It would be better if you made sure that he is home before calling him.
Stop med at foregive at være en anden bare for at have nogen i dit liv.	Stop pretending to be someone else just to have someone in your life.
De rigtige mennesker vil kunne lide dig, lige som du er, og resten af ​​dem vil ikke blive ved.	The right people will like you just as you are, and the rest of them won't stick around.
Jeg vil gøre alt, hvad jeg kan for at hjælpe.	I will do everything I can to help.
Det var fantastisk at møde dig i det virkelige liv!	It was amazing to meet you in real life!
Vil du give mig den ære at danse med mig?	Would you do me the honor of dancing with me?
Jeg åbnede vinduet.	I pried the window open.
Jeg kan hverken tale eller læse fransk.	I can neither speak nor read French.
Det ville være en fornøjelse for mig at lære dig et par ting.	It would be a pleasure for me to teach you a few things.
Hvis du kommer til Rio, vil jeg være din guide.	In case you come to Rio, I will be your guide.
Hverken studerende eller professorer bør nogensinde stoppe med at lære.	Neither students nor professors should ever stop learning.
Et tal er en menneskelig måling, der ikke kan afspejle, hvor gode og vigtige de virkelig smukke ting i livet er, som kærlighed, ærlighed, ydmyghed, respekt og omsorg.	A number is a human measurement that can't reflect how good and important the really beautiful things in life are, like love, honesty, humility, respect, and care.
Jeg giver ikke op, for jeg har noget, der er værd at kæmpe for.	I will not give up, because I have something that is worth fighting for.
Jeg ville ønske, at vi kunne have brugt mere tid sammen.	I wish we could have spent more time together.
I overmorgen søndag.	The day after tomorrow's Sunday.
I overmorgen tirsdag.	The day after tomorrow's Tuesday.
Jeg satte min bil i bakgear.	I put my car in reverse.
Jeg fortalte Tom, at jeg var glad for at hjælpe.	I told Tom that I was glad to help.
Jeg genkendte den kvinde.	I recognized that woman.
Jeg forventer ikke, at Tom taler med Mary.	I don't expect Tom to talk to Mary.
Jeg er ikke en grådig person.	I'm not a greedy person.
Jeg kunne ikke lade være med at tænke på Tom.	I couldn't stop thinking about Tom.
Jeg er ved at renovere mit hus.	I'm renovating my house.
Jeg nåede Boston tre dage senere.	I reached Boston three days later.
Jeg har renoveret mit hus.	I've renovated my house.
Jeg rakte min hånd ud for at ryste Toms.	I extended my hand to shake Tom's.
Dårlig tro er så afskyeligt!	Bad faith is so despicable!
Jeg kunne ikke finde min telefon.	I couldn't find my phone.
Jeg forventede ikke, at Tom ville tale med mig.	I didn't expect Tom to talk to me.
Det regnede ikke i går.	It did not rain yesterday.
Siden daggry er han ikke holdt op med at snakke.	Since daybreak, he hasn't stopped chattering.
Jeg købte en lille grund på en bakke i det sydlige Frankrig for at bygge et hus, som jeg skal bo i, når jeg går på pension.	I bought a small plot on a hill in the south of France to build a house in which I will live when I retire.
Jeg har ikke mad nok.	I don't have enough food.
Tom og jeg slog det med det samme.	Tom and I immediately hit it off.
Taro ser ikke ud til at have nogen kvindelige venner.	Taro doesn't seem to have any female friends.
Børn kan lide at lege i sneen.	Children like to play in the snow.
Jeg ringede straks til 911.	I immediately dialed 911.
Jeg besluttede at blive hos Tom.	I decided to stay at Tom's place.
Om vinteren tager jeg hjemmefra klokken ni.	In winter I leave home at nine.
Jeg lod gardinerne stå åbne.	I left the curtains open.
Toms hus har en kæmpe kælder.	Tom's house has a huge basement.
Jeg gik der aldrig igen.	I never went there again.
Tom og jeg bor i samme område.	Tom and I live in the same area.
Han er en lænestolskriger.	He's an armchair warrior.
Jeg åbnede garagedøren.	I opened the garage door.
Tom og jeg hang ud et stykke tid.	Tom and I hung out for a while.
Din bedstefar leder efter sit afføringsmiddel.	Your grandfather is looking for his laxitive.
Vi ventede på hende.	We waited for her.
En dråbe gift er nok til at dræbe 160 mennesker.	One drop of poison is enough to kill 160 people.
Alt vil snart blive afgjort.	Everything will soon be decided.
De måler vægten af ​​guld i gram.	They measure the weight of gold in grams.
Sig intet til nogen!	Say nothing to anyone!
Forstår hun finsk?	Does she understand Finnish?
Vil du ikke vide, hvorfor jeg sagde det?	Don't you want to know why I said that?
Jeg talte aldrig med ham bagefter.	I never spoke with him afterwards.
Det problem er stadig ikke løst.	That problem is still not solved.
Min onkel kan drikke af tre flasker på samme tid.	My uncle can drink from three bottles at the same time.
Jeg måtte vandre gennem hele verden, indtil jeg lærte, at skønhed er i hjertet.	I had to wander through the whole world, until I learned that beauty is in the heart.
Hvilken skole vil du gå på?	Which school will you go to?
Vil du også deltage i det kursus?	Do you also want to participate in that course?
Det er en lærer.	That is a teacher.
Det er et ældre brev.	That is an older letter.
Det er for tidligt at tage afsted.	It is too early to depart.
De kan sagtens se, at de to bolde har samme vægt.	They can easily tell that the two balls have the same weight.
Det er det rigtige valg for dig.	That is the right choice for you.
På trods af hans forsøg virkede intet.	Despite his attempts, nothing worked.
Hver dag er en ny begyndelse.	Every day is a new beginning.
Han tjekkede om døren var låst.	He checked whether the door was locked.
Jeg har skiftet afdeling.	I've changed departments.
Jeg fulgte efter Tom ind på hans kontor.	I followed Tom into his office.
Jorden er vores hjem.	The Earth is our home.
Lad os holde det sikkert!	Let's keep it safe!
Jeg kørte over broen.	I drove across the bridge.
Jeg besluttede at tage tilbage til Boston.	I decided to go back to Boston.
Det vidste jeg intet om.	I knew nothing about that.
Jeg skyndte mig over til Toms hus.	I hurried over to Tom's house.
Hvis han kommer, så lad mig det vide.	If he comes, let me know.
Jeg havde en meget interessant samtale med Tom.	I had a very interesting conversation with Tom.
Det kunne jeg have fortalt dig, hvis du havde spurgt mig.	I could have told you that if you'd asked me.
Dagens vejr er endnu bedre end gårsdagens.	Today's weather is even better than yesterday's.
Hvad spiste din hund?	What did your dog eat?
Min hund er en puddel.	My dog is a poodle.
Hotellet er beliggende i bjerget.	The hotel is situated in the mountain.
Jeg vågner altid tidligt.	I always wake up early.
Jeg lænede mig op ad træet.	I leaned against the tree.
Har I set denne film?	Did you guys watch this movie?
Jeg fik endelig Toms opmærksomhed.	I finally got Tom's attention.
Hvorfor skrev han denne bog?	Why did he write this book?
Vi har en sort hund.	We have a black dog.
Sami er en Chenoui.	Sami is a Chenoui.
Jeg er lidt af en søvnløs.	I'm a bit of an insomniac.
Jeg ringede til Tom et par gange mere.	I called Tom a few more times.
Jeg har aldrig været en gambler.	I've never been a gambler.
Jeg bad Tom gå ind på sit værelse.	I told Tom to go to his room.
Hvor mange måneder vil det tage at gøre det?	About how many months will it take to do that?
Tom er her alene.	Tom is here alone.
Jeg taler om mig selv.	I'm talking about myself.
Jeg talte ikke om mig selv.	I wasn't talking about myself.
Jeg talte om mig selv.	I was talking about myself.
Jeg har aldrig sovet i klassen.	I've never slept in class.
Jeg fik aldrig et svar fra Tom.	I never got a reply from Tom.
Hvad laver din søn i Tyskland?	What's your son doing in Germany?
Hun knækkede min yndlingsguitar.	She broke my favorite guitar.
Jeg kunne ikke bevise min teori.	I couldn't prove my theory.
Gud velsigne dig og din familie.	God bless you and your family.
Jeg mødte Tom i supermarkedet.	I met Tom at the supermarket.
Jeg kan godt lide hestepølser.	I like horse sausages.
Jeg krøb sammen bag busken.	I crouched behind the bush.
Det gjorde jeg, da Tom var her.	I did that when Tom was here.
Jeg gik tilbage til hytten.	I headed back to the cabin.
Jeg har besluttet at fortælle om Tom.	I've decided to tell on Tom.
I overmorgen er det søndag.	The day after tomorrow is Sunday.
Jeg løb til togstationen.	I ran to the train station.
Jeg lyttede nøje til Tom.	I listened carefully to Tom.
Jeg var helt rædselsslagen.	I was absolutely terrified.
Jeg delte min frokost med Tom.	I shared my lunch with Tom.
Jeg skal til Rom, Italien.	I'm going to Rome, Italy.
Jeg kan stadig høre den støj.	I can still hear that noise.
Jeg så Tom kaste noget.	I saw Tom throw something.
Jeg vænnede mig til det til sidst.	I eventually got used to it.
Jeg vidste, at Tom var der.	I knew that Tom was there.
Der er elleve personer i et fodboldhold.	There are eleven people in a soccer team.
Jeg følte mig tryg inde i hulen.	I felt safe inside the cave.
Jeg er fra det nordlige Australien.	I'm from northern Australia.
Jeg hørte noget bag mig.	I heard something behind me.
Jeg besøger ikke Tom længere.	I don't visit Tom anymore.
Hvis jeg ikke havde set det med mine egne øjne, havde jeg ikke troet det.	If I hadn't seen it with my own eyes, I wouldn't have believed it.
Jeg hørte dørhåndtaget vippe.	I heard the doorknob jiggle.
Jeg hentede Tom i centrum.	I picked Tom up downtown.
Jeg bankede på hoveddøren.	I knocked on the front door.
Jeg besluttede at fortælle om Tom.	I decided to tell on Tom.
Jeg låste døren bag mig.	I locked the door behind me.
Jeg tog tilbage til Boston.	I headed back to Boston.
Jeg er på vej hjem nu.	I'm on my way back home now.
Tom er en uhyggelig person.	Tom is a creepy person.
Hele den polyglot-ghetto begyndte at græde.	The whole polyglot ghetto started to cry.
De polyglot-ghettofolk forstår ikke deres egen religion.	The polyglot ghetto folks do not understand their own religion.
Afrikanerne har bedre mad og musik.	The Africans have better food and music.
Jeg indsamler forskningsdokumenter om australske aboriginske sprog.	I collect research documents about Australian Aboriginal languages.
Lad os gå ind i krisecentret.	Let's go inside the shelter.
Thomas’ stammefolk er eksperter i dukketeater.	Thomas’ tribespeople are experts in puppetry.
Jeg hjalp Tom med at gøre sig klar.	I helped Tom get ready.
Hele den polyglot-ghetto så et marionetshow på pladsen.	The whole polyglot ghetto watched a marionette show in the square.
Tiggeren sad overskrævs på marmortrappen, der førte til togstationen.	The beggar sat cross-legged on the marble steps leading to the train station.
Jeg har kendt Jeff i 15 år.	I've known Jeff for 15 years.
Fantastisk fyr.	Terrific guy.
Han er meget sjov at være sammen med.	He's a lot of fun to be with.
Det siges endda, at han holder lige så meget af smukke kvinder som jeg gør, og mange af dem er på den yngre side.	It is even said that he likes beautiful women as much as I do, and many of them are on the younger side.
Ingen tvivl om det - Jeffrey nyder sit sociale liv.	No doubt about it — Jeffrey enjoys his social life.
Jeg købte noget mad til frokost.	I bought some food for lunch.
Jeg gav Tom en tommelfinger op.	I gave Tom a thumbs up.
Jeg skal se din hånd.	I have to see your hand.
Jeg besluttede at ringe til politiet.	I decided to call the police.
Jeg tog fat i Toms håndled.	I grabbed Tom's wrist.
Lægen sagde, at han ikke kan hjælpe Tom.	The doctor said that he can't help Tom.
Lægen sagde, at han ikke kan hjælpe Tom.	The doctor said he can't help Tom.
Jeg besluttede at blive på bussen.	I decided to stay on the bus.
Jeg kontaktede Tom igen.	I contacted Tom again.
Tom taler Dusun til Mary, fordi Mary er en Kadazan fra Penampang.	Tom speaks Dusun to Mary, because Mary is a Kadazan from Penampang.
Mary taler Kadazan til Tom, fordi Tom er en Dusun fra Tambunan.	Mary speaks Kadazan to Tom, because Tom is a Dusun from Tambunan.
Jeg hørte den samme lyd igen.	I heard the same noise again.
Jeg lod Tom vente.	I kept Tom waiting.
Han stod bare midt på broen og stirrede på floden.	He was just standing in the middle of the bridge and staring at the river.
Jeg troede, han ville hoppe ned.	I thought he wanted to jump down.
Den dag startede som de andre gjorde.	That day started as the other ones did.
Du er en mand som de andre.	You're a man like the other ones.
Den kan ikke lide fremmede.	It doesn't like strangers.
Vi her kan ikke lide outsidere.	We here don't like outsiders.
Jeg har sænket mine forventninger.	I've lowered my expectations.
Jeg dansede med Tom.	I danced with Tom.
"Du kan få det på Metropolitan Government Office," tilføjede ekspedienten.	"You can get it at the Metropolitan Government Office," the clerk added.
Du ved, jeg hader hende.	You do know I hate her.
Jeg krøb ned under vinduet.	I crouched beneath the window.
Jeg løb forbi Tom.	I ran past Tom.
Jeg genkendte ikke den kvinde.	I didn't recognize that woman.
Jeg adlød Tom.	I obeyed Tom.
Hvert år begynder den 7. juli Stjernefestivalen.	Every year, the 7th of July begins the Star Festival.
Du ved godt, jeg hader Tom, ikke?	You do know I hate Tom, don't you?
Du ved godt, at jeg hader Tom, ikke?	You do know that I hate Tom, don't you?
Du ved godt, at Tom og jeg ikke kommer så godt ud af det, gør du ikke?	You know that Tom and I don't get along very well, don't you?
Du ved godt, at Tom og jeg ikke kommer så godt ud af det, gør du ikke?	You know Tom and I don't get along very well, don't you?
Tom og jeg har aldrig haft det så godt sammen.	Tom and I have never gotten along very well.
Jeg stod tidligt op for at fiske.	I got up early to go fishing.
Jeg antog, at Tom gik ind igen.	I'd assumed Tom went back inside.
Tom er den femte planet i solsystemet.	Tom is the fifth planet of the Solar System.
Tom bor i Maryland.	Tom lives in Maryland.
Jeg bad om noget at spise.	I asked for something to eat.
Jeg fortalte Tom, at jeg havde set Mary med John.	I told Tom I'd seen Mary with John.
Jeg vil helst bare sidde her.	I'd prefer to just sit here.
Jeg bad Tom om at tage med mig til Boston.	I asked Tom to go with me to Boston.
Jeg stod tidligt op for at spille golf.	I got up early to play golf.
Jeg vil vædde på, at Tom ikke vil være med til festen.	I bet you Tom won't be at the party.
Vi har ingen regler.	We have no rules.
Jeg bad nogen om at hjælpe mig.	I asked somebody to help me.
Jeg er sikker på, at Tom vil gøre det snart.	I'm sure that Tom will do that soon.
Om morgenen var himlen klar; nu er det overskyet.	In the morning, the sky was clear; now it's cloudy.
Jeg vil vædde på, at Tom ikke vil være til festen.	I bet you that Tom won't be at the party.
Jeg efterlod min taske i din bil.	I left my pack in your car.
Jeg forventer, at Tom er her før frokost.	I expect Tom to be here before lunch.
Jeg gider ikke komme tidligt.	I don't mind coming early.
Jeg forstår ikke, hvad de siger, men jeg ved, at de taler fransk.	I don't understand what they're saying, but I know they're speaking French.
Jeg forstår ikke, hvad de siger, men jeg ved, at de taler fransk.	I don't understand what they're saying, but I know that they're speaking French.
Jeg skal hente Tom.	I'll go pick Tom up.
Jeg kunne have fortalt dig det, hvis du havde spurgt mig.	I could've told you that if you'd asked me.
Kom til Boston med os.	Come to Boston with us.
Jeg bad en om at hjælpe mig.	I asked someone to help me.
Jeg bad Tom om at hjælpe mig med at komme på benene.	I asked Tom to help me get to my feet.
Jeg er i seng med feber.	I'm in bed with a fever.
Hvad hedder dette spil?	What's this game called?
Det regnede ikke i går.	It didn't rain yesterday.
Jeg stillede kun ét spørgsmål.	I asked only one question.
Jeg genkendte Tom, så snart jeg så ham.	I recognized Tom as soon as I saw him.
Heldigvis fandt jeg mine nøgler.	Luckily, I found my keys.
Jeg tror ikke, jeg kunne lide at bo sammen med Tom.	I don't think I'd like living with Tom.
De er gorillaer.	They are gorillas.
Lad os lege gemmeleg.	Let's play hide-and-seek.
Jeg spurgte Tom og Mary om deres meninger.	I asked Tom and Mary for their opinions.
Jeg fortalte Tom, at jeg havde set Mary med John.	I told Tom that I'd seen Mary with John.
Jeg er ikke ansvarlig for hans død.	I am not responsible for his death.
Intellekt er ikke visdom.	Intellect is not wisdom.
Retorik er ingen erstatning for virkeligheden.	Rhetoric is no substitute for reality.
Talere er normalt mere velformulerede end doers, da snak er deres speciale.	Talkers are usually more articulate than doers, since talk is their specialty.
Velfærdsstaten handler i virkeligheden ikke om massernes velfærd.	The welfare state is not really about the welfare of the masses.
Det handler om elitens egoer.	It is about the egos of the elites.
Et moralsk monopol er modsætningen til en markedsplads af ideer.	A moral monopoly is the antithesis of a marketplace of ideas.
Der er få ting, der er mere vanærende end at vildlede de unge.	There are few things more dishonorable than misleading the young.
Misundelse plus retorik er lig med "social retfærdighed."	Envy plus rhetoric equals "social justice.".
Jeg efterlod min taske i bussen.	I left my bag on the bus.
Jeg har været på diæt i over tre måneder.	I've been on a diet for over three months.
Pele er ikke den største fodboldspiller nogensinde.	Pele is not the greatest soccer player of all time.
Pele er en legende, en myte, et ikon.	Pele is a legend, a myth, an icon.
Pele er navnet på perfektion hos en fodboldspiller.	Pele is the name of perfection in a soccer player.
Jeg sagde, at jeg ikke ville plukke svampe med dem.	I said that I wasn't going to pick mushrooms with them.
Tom løb op ad trappen så hurtigt han kunne.	Tom ran up the stairs as fast as he could.
Maskinen virker ikke.	The machine isn't working.
Jeg mistede meget tid med dig.	I lost a lot of time with you.
Farvel, Tatoeba.	Goodbye, Tatoeba.
Det var meget sjovt.	It was a lot of fun.
Han er træt af arbejde.	He's tired of work.
I dag er bestemt ikke min dag.	Today's definitely not my day.
Jeg bad om flere detaljer.	I asked for more details.
Jeg fik ikke lov til at gøre de ting, jeg ville.	I wasn't allowed to do the things I wanted.
Jeg tror ikke, jeg kunne tænke mig at bo sammen med Tom.	I don't think that I'd like living with Tom.
Mit liv tilhører ikke mig.	My life doesn't belong to me.
Der er ingen på arbejde end mig.	There's no one at work but me.
Jeg sagde, at jeg ikke ville plukke svampe med dem.	I said I wasn't going to pick mushrooms with them.
Han er træt.	He's fed up.
Jeg tog hovedfag i filosofi.	I majored in philosophy.
Tom løb ned ad trappen så hurtigt han kunne.	Tom ran down the stairs as fast as he could.
Jeg kender en læge, der er meget god til det, han laver.	I know a doctor who is very good at what he does.
Jeg forventede dette resultat.	I expected this result.
Jeg ankom til Boston sent i går eftermiddags.	I arrived in Boston late yesterday afternoon.
Det var sådan, jeg lærte engelsk.	That's how I learned English.
Hvorfor tager du ikke tilbage til byen?	Why don't you go back to the city?
Jeg så en frø på vejen.	I saw a frog on the road.
Jeg tror, ​​jeg vil se tv.	I think I'll watch TV.
Det er over et år siden, Tom har besøgt os.	It's been over a year since Tom has visited us.
Lægen helbredte ham.	The doctor cured him.
Jeg løb tilbage til min bil.	I ran back to my car.
Jeg undrer mig over, hvorfor Tom ikke var til mødet i går.	I wonder why Tom wasn't at the meeting yesterday.
Hvem har hjulpet dem?	Who has helped them?
Hvem hjalp de?	Who did they help?
Jeg håber retfærdigheden bliver genoprettet.	I hope justice will be restored.
Jeg sværger, at jeg ikke kopierede det.	I swear that I didn't copy that.
Politiet bad Tom fortælle dem, hvad den ubudne gæst havde på.	The police asked Tom to tell them what the intruder had been wearing.
Jeg bliver myndig næste år.	I will come of age next year.
Retfærdigheden vil blive genoprettet.	Justice will be restored.
Hold kæft!	Shut up!
Gå og spis lort!	Go eat shit!
Retfærdigheden skal genoprettes.	Justice must be restored.
Hold kæft!	Shut up!
Stop!	Stop!
Pas på din egen sag.	Mind your own business.
Gør jeg min pointe klar?	Do I make my point clear?
Forstår du, hvad jeg sagde?	Do you understand what I said?
Fædre hader mødre græder.	Fathers hate mothers cry.
Min far hader at se min mor græde.	My father hates to see my mother cry.
Jeg prøvede at være forsigtig, men det endte med at jeg brækkede et par knogler.	I tried to be careful, but I ended up breaking a couple of bones.
Er Tom kommet endnu?	Has Tom come yet?
Jeg vil genoprette retfærdigheden.	I want to restore justice.
Jeg voksede op i en meget lille by, hvor alle kendte alle.	I grew up in a very small town where everyone knew everyone.
Jeg skrev et kort til Tom.	I wrote Tom a card.
Grise er meget intelligente.	Pigs are very intelligent.
Grise er meget smarte.	Pigs are very smart.
Grise er klogere end hunde og katte.	Pigs are smarter than dogs and cats.
Grise er yndige.	Pigs are adorable.
Jeg vil have en.	I want one.
Jeg greb en golfkølle og tænkte, at den kunne være et godt våben.	I grabbed a golf club, thinking it might make a good weapon.
Jeg bad Tom vente.	I asked Tom to wait.
Jeg blev fanget af en vildtfoged for jagt uden licens.	I got caught by a game warden for hunting without a license.
Tom er en mors dreng.	Tom is a mama's boy.
Jeg ved, jeg vil se dig igen.	I know I'll see you again.
Jeg lagde hovedet ned på skrivebordet og prøvede at få noget søvn.	I put my head down on the desk and tried to get some sleep.
Jeg bad Tom om at tage dertil.	I asked Tom to go there.
Jeg kan ikke lide rød.	I don't like red.
Jeg vil gerne oversætte dine værker til tyrkisk.	I want to translate your works into Turkish.
Jeg så en bil parkeret uden for dit hus i går eftermiddags.	I saw a car parked outside your house yesterday afternoon.
Jeg tror på, hvad Tom sagde.	I believe what Tom said.
Vi klager, klager, stønner og begynder at græde af smerte.	We lament, complain, moan and start crying out in pain.
Jeg løb tilbage mod campingpladsen for at se, hvad der skete.	I ran back towards the campsite to see what was happening.
Jeg bad Tom om at komme tilbage.	I asked Tom to come back.
En bjørn er større end en ulv.	A bear is bigger than a wolf.
Jeg gik tilbage til mit telt og kravlede ned i min sovepose.	I went back to my tent and crawled into my sleeping bag.
Jeg bad Tom om at komme her.	I asked Tom to come here.
Jeg håber ikke du er som alle andre.	I hope you are not like everyone else.
Vi fandt et forladt hus og boede der i en uge.	We found an abandoned house and lived there for a week.
Jeg stillede det spørgsmål til Tom.	I asked Tom that question.
Vand er grundlaget for alt liv.	Water is the basis for all life.
Der bor ti mennesker i dette hus.	Ten people live in this house.
Du så ud til at have det sjovt til festen i går aftes.	You seemed to be having fun at the party last night.
Jeg tror, ​​Tom ville gøre det.	I believe Tom would do it.
Det er blødt som uld.	It's soft like wool.
Hvis jeg havde mange penge, ville jeg rejse verden rundt.	If I had a lot of money, I'd travel around the world.
Jeg vil bede Tom om at komme over.	I'll ask Tom to come over.
Gratis Turtle Island!	Free Turtle Island!
Hvornår vender du tilbage til dit land?	When are you returning to your country?
Jeg satte mig tilbage ved min computer og gik tilbage til arbejdet.	I sat back down at my computer and got back to work.
Nok falske nyheder.	Enough fake news.
Du burde blive her, indtil politiet kommer her.	You should remain here until the police get here.
Jeg stillede Tom mange spørgsmål.	I asked Tom many questions.
Jeg er ikke rigtig interesseret i at gøre det lige nu.	I'm not really interested in doing that right now.
Jeg mødte Tom nær stationen.	I met Tom near the station.
Jeg stoppede i siden af ​​vejen og steg ud.	I pulled over on the side of the road and got out.
Mødet er næste mandag.	The meeting is next Monday.
Jeg vil gerne tage en taxa.	I'd like to take a taxi.
Vores kat er meget højspændt.	Our cat is very high-strung.
Der var mudrede fodspor på køkkengulvet.	There were muddy footprints on the kitchen floor.
Jeg ville undgå Tom, hvis jeg var dig.	I'd avoid Tom if I were you.
Jeg kunne virkelig godt lide den skjorte.	I really liked that shirt.
Jeg skulle have købt den.	I should've bought it.
Jeg spurgte Tom, hvorfor han var vred.	I asked Tom why he was angry.
Et par elever kom for sent til skole i morges.	A few students were late for school this morning.
Jeg ville ønske, vi også havde inviteret Tom.	I wish we'd invited Tom, too.
Jeg hørte lyden af ​​briller, der klirrede sammen.	I heard the sound of glasses clinking together.
Rådde du Tom til at gøre det?	Did you advise Tom to do that?
Jeg forventede, at koncerten ville vare lidt længere.	I expected the concert to last a little longer.
Jeg forventer, at Tom består testen.	I expect Tom to pass the test.
Jeg tog det ikke så alvorligt, som jeg burde have gjort.	I didn't take that as seriously as I should've.
Jeg vil ikke købe noget af Tom.	I won't buy anything from Tom.
Jeg kom ikke ind i bussen, fordi den var overfyldt.	I didn't get on the bus because it was crowded.
Så du Tom til koncerten?	Did you see Tom at the concert?
Jeg vil prøve at holde mig vågen i klassen i dag.	I'm going to try to stay awake in class today.
Han blev båret af på en båre.	He was carried off on a stretcher.
Han blev taget af på en båre.	He was taken off on a stretcher.
Er der et sted, du gerne vil hen?	Is there a place you'd like to go to?
Er der et sted, du gerne vil hen?	Is there somewhere you'd like to go?
Så du Tom på stationen?	Did you see Tom at the station?
Mary kunne ikke sove, mens hendes mand Tom var gledet lykkeligt ind i landet Nod.	Mary couldn't sleep, while her husband Tom had slipped blissfully into the land of Nod.
Det er rigtigt, tænkte hun, at du ikke er mere alene end ved siden af ​​en, der sover, selvom hun havde hørt, at hun ikke længere huskede det.	It's true, she thought, that you're nowhere more alone than next to someone who's asleep, although where she had heard that she no longer remembered.
Han er kommet ud på den forkerte side af sengen.	He's got out on the wrong side of bed.
Han kom ud på den forkerte side af sengen.	He got out on the wrong side of bed.
Han er rejst ud af sengen på den forkerte side.	He's got out of bed on the wrong side.
Han kom ud af sengen på den forkerte side.	He got out of bed on the wrong side.
Han er så at sige et medlem af familien.	He's a member of the family, so to speak.
De bor ikke sammen.	They don't live together.
De bor ikke sammen.	They're not living together.
Kommer du i biografen med os i morgen?	Are you coming to the cinema with us tomorrow?
Hvad mener hun med det?	What does she mean by that?
Sporvognen går fra stationen til havnen.	The tram goes from the station to the port.
Sporvognen går fra stationen til havnen.	The tram goes from the station to the docks.
Sporvognen går fra stationen til havnen.	The tram goes from the station to the harbour.
Sporvognen kører fra stationen til havnen.	The tram runs from the station to the port.
Sporvognen kører fra stationen til havnen.	The tram runs from the station to the docks.
Sporvognen kører fra stationen til havnen.	The tram runs from the station to the harbour.
Dækker vi bordet?	Are we laying the table?
Skal vi dække bord?	Are we going to lay the table?
Skal vi dække bordet?	Shall we lay the table?
Hendes liv ændrede sig drastisk med sin fars død.	Her life changed drastically with the death of her father.
Alt du behøver er tid.	All you need is time.
Lad hende tale færdig.	Let her finish speaking.
Lad hende sige sit stykke.	Let her say her piece.
Lad hende sige hende.	Let her have her say.
Lad dem sige deres mening.	Let them have their say.
Lad dem tale færdig.	Let them finish speaking.
Hvor mange gafler skal vi bruge?	How many forks do we need?
Tom vil være ved siden af.	Tom will be next door.
Tom vil være ved siden af.	Tom'll be next door.
Dette lys er grønt.	This light is green.
Han smadrede et vindue.	He smashed a window.
Han var ved at tage frakken af.	He was taking off his coat.
Tom rejser hverken i undergrunden, med bus eller taxa.	Tom travels neither on the underground, nor by bus, nor by taxi.
Tom rejser hverken med tuben, bus eller taxa.	Tom travels neither on the tube, nor by bus, nor by taxi.
Tom rejser hverken med metro, bus eller taxa.	Tom travels neither on the metro, nor by bus, nor by taxi.
Er isen god?	Is the ice cream nice?
Hvad hedder dette sted?	What's this place called?
Hvad hedder denne firkant?	What's this square called?
Hvad de er til, kan ingen sige.	What they're for, no one can say.
Hvad de skal bruges til, kan ingen sige.	What they're needed for, no one can say.
Hans far optog fuglesang for ham.	His father recorded birdsong for him.
Hans far indspillede noget fuglesang for ham.	His father recorded some birdsong for him.
Jeg er bange for, at du bliver nødt til at gøre det selv.	I'm afraid you'll have to do that by yourself.
Æbletræet har ikke meget frugt på sig i år.	The apple tree doesn't have much fruit on it this year.
Æbletræet har ikke fået meget frugt på sig i år.	The apple tree hasn't got much fruit on it this year.
Æbletræet har ikke meget frugt i år.	The apple tree doesn't have much fruit this year.
Æbletræet har ikke fået meget frugt i år.	The apple tree hasn't got much fruit this year.
Jeg spurgte Tom, hvorfor han ville dette.	I asked Tom why he wanted this.
Hun gled hurtigt ind i landet Nod.	She slipped quickly into the land of Nod.
Hospitalet er omkring to kilometer væk.	The hospital is about two kilometres away.
Er du lejer eller boligejer?	Are you a tenant or homeowner?
Pas på!	Watch out!
Fortovet er glat.	The pavement is slippery.
Sind!	Mind!
Fortovet er glat.	The pavement is slippery.
Det er ikke smart at cykle gennem sjap på en racercykel, men der er ikke andet til det i år.	It's not clever, cycling through slush on a racing bike, but there's nothing else for it this year.
At cykle gennem sjap på en racer er ikke klogt, men i år er der intet alternativ.	Cycling through slush on a racer isn't wise, but this year there's no alternative.
Hvor kan man købe noget at spise på dette tidspunkt af dagen?	Where can you buy something to eat at this time of day?
Hvor kan man købe mad på dette tidspunkt af dagen?	Where can food be bought at this time of day?
Har nogen spurgt dig om noget?	Has anyone asked you anything?
Spurgte nogen dig om noget?	Did anyone ask you anything?
Toget kom for sent på grund af sneen.	The train arrived late because of the snow.
Toget kom for sent på grund af sne.	The train arrived late because of snow.
Er det rigtigt, at du kan lide salt til din kaffe?	Is it right that you like salt with your coffee?
Det ultimative formål med al kunst er intet andet end underholdning.	The ultimate purpose of all the arts is nothing other than entertainment.
Hans hukommelse svigtede ham.	His memory failed him.
Hans minde forlod ham.	His memory deserted him.
Hvordan kan du tåle denne varme?	How can you bear this heat?
Epidemien spredte sig yderligere.	The epidemic spread further.
Er der ikke brød tilbage?	Isn't there any bread left?
Er der ikke brød tilbage?	Is there no bread left?
Hvis du ikke medbringer en gave, vil du gøre et dårligt indtryk.	If you don't bring a gift, you'll make a bad impression.
Vandet sivede ind i væggene.	The water seeped into the walls.
Vandet trængte ind gennem væggene.	The water penetrated the walls.
Træet er blevet mættet med vand.	The wood has become saturated with water.
Træet blev mættet med vand.	The wood became saturated with water.
Gedden stod ubevægelig i vandet.	The pike was motionless in the water.
Disse fragmenter tilhører en vase, som desværre er smadret.	These fragments belong to a vase which has unfortunately smashed.
Disse fragmenter tilhører en vase, som desværre er gået i stykker.	These fragments belong to a vase which has broken, unfortunately.
Vasen var tom, hvilket vil sige, at den ikke var fyldt med noget.	The vase was empty, which is to say it wasn't filled with anything.
Da han tog hakken, gik han i gang med at bearbejde jorden, selvom han hurtigt blev træt og overlod snart arbejdet til sin søn.	Taking the hoe, he set about tilling the soil, though he tired quickly, and soon left the job to his son.
Vulkanen har ikke været aktiv i lang tid.	The volcano hasn't been active for a long time.
Vulkanen har været inaktiv i lang tid.	The volcano has been inactive for a long time.
Er det dem du ville have?	Are those the ones you wanted?
"Hvorfor er du så gnaven?"	"Why are you so grumpy?"
"Jeg er bare."	"Just am."
Hun indså en måned senere, at hun var gravid.	She realised a month later that she was pregnant.
En måned senere indså hun, at hun var gravid.	A month later she realised that she was pregnant.
Snart er det tid til at plukke kirsebærene.	Soon it will be time to pick the cherries.
Det er snart tid til at plukke kirsebærene.	It'll soon be time to pick the cherries.
Er de alle sammen sådan?	Are they all like that?
Vejret i hovedstaden er regnfuldt.	The weather in the capital is rainy.
Filmen har intet med bogen at gøre.	The film's got nothing to do with the book.
Filmen har intet med bogen at gøre.	The film has nothing to do with the book.
Filmene vist i denne beskedne biograf havde en pause, hvor projektionisten skiftede rulle.	The films shown in this modest cinema had an intermission during which the projectionist changed the reel.
Der var en pause i filmene, der blev vist i denne beskedne biograf, hvor projektionisten skiftede spole.	There was an intermission in the films shown in this modest cinema, during which the projectionist changed the reel.
Hvor mange point har du scoret?	How many points have you scored?
Der er stadig så mange spørgsmål at stille.	There are still so many questions to ask.
Metoden er forældet.	The method is outdated.
Siden hvornår er det så vigtigt?	Since when is that so important?
Ingen havde selv den fjerneste anelse om, hvad der kunne være sket.	No one had even the faintest idea what might have happened.
Kan du sy uden at bruge en nål?	Can you sew without using a needle?
"Jeg kan se min, men ikke din."	"I can see mine, but not yours."
"Hvad har du gang i igen?	"What are you on about again?
Hvordan skal jeg vide, hvad du mener uden en given kontekst?"	How should I know what you mean without a given context?"
"Jeg taler selvfølgelig om vores sokker - hvad ellers?"	"I'm talking about our socks, of course – what else?"
”Jamen, jeg har lagt min i skuffen.	"Well, I've put mine in the drawer.
Jeg lod din ligge.	I left yours lying about.
De er i sandhed dine, ikke mine."	They are indeed yours, not mine."
Jeg gik hen til hoveddøren for at se, hvem der var der.	I went to the front door to see who was there.
Jeg tror på, at Tom ville gøre det.	I believe that Tom would do it.
Jeg løb tilbage til bilen, steg ind og kørte væk.	I ran back to the car, got in, and drove away.
Jeg har bedt Tom slå vores græsplæne.	I've asked Tom to mow our lawn.
Jeg skulle nok have ringet til politiet før.	I probably should've called the police sooner.
Jeg tror på det meste af det, Tom sagde.	I believe most of what Tom said.
Nestor spiser kylling adobo.	Nestor is eating chicken adobo.
Jeg åbnede min kuffert og begyndte at pakke den ud.	I opened my suitcase and started unpacking it.
Emese bor i Ungarn.	Emese lives in Hungary.
Alt er meget kompliceret.	Everything is very complicated.
Alt er meget mere kompliceret, end du tror.	Everything is much more complicated than you think.
Det var meget mere kompliceret, end vi først troede.	It was much more complicated than we first thought.
Dette tog skal til Prag.	This train is going to Prague.
Jeg lagde mærke til et nyt sæt fodspor i sneen.	I noticed a new set of footprints in the snow.
Mødet afholdes næste mandag.	The meeting will be next Monday.
Der var sværme af rotter på lossepladsen.	There were swarms of rats in the dump.
Han underholdt hende.	He entertained her.
Jeg trak gardinet fra og kiggede ud.	I pulled back the curtain and looked outside.
Jeg er sikker på, at jeg slår Tom næste gang.	I'm sure I'll beat Tom next time.
Vores ansigt er ikke perfekt symmetrisk.	Our face isn't perfectly symmetrical.
Jeg forlod teatret, før branden brød ud.	I left the theater before the fire broke out.
Jeg mødte Tom første gang for flere år siden.	I first met Tom several years ago.
Jeg ved bedre end at gøre sådan noget.	I know better than to do something like that.
Toms hus ligger lige over bakken.	Tom's house is just over the hill.
Yisroel Dovid Weiss er foragtet og faktisk ekskommunikeret af antizionistiske ortodokse jøder.	Yisroel Dovid Weiss is despised, and in fact excommunicated, by anti-Zionist Orthodox Jews.
Intet ansigt er perfekt symmetrisk.	No face is perfectly symmetrical.
Jeg sover ikke så ofte i klassen, som jeg plejede.	I don't sleep in class as often as I used to.
Intet ansigt har perfekt symmetri.	No face has perfect symmetry.
Jeg spurgte Tom, hvilken han foretrak.	I asked Tom which one he preferred.
Jeg har redet på heste siden jeg var barn.	I've been riding horses since I was a child.
Denne hund ligner en kat.	This dog looks like a cat.
Jeg tror, ​​denne paraply tilhører Tom.	I think this umbrella belongs to Tom.
Jeg vil have en kop kaffe til efter frokost.	I will have another cup of coffee after lunch.
Den anden, der kom, var hans kone.	The second one who came was his wife.
Er du stolt?	Are you proud?
Hun truede mig.	She threatened me.
Jeg parkerede min bil i indkørslen og steg ud.	I parked my car in the driveway and got out.
Tom har ikke været her siden oversvømmelsen.	Tom hasn't been here since the flood.
En variabel med globalt omfang kan refereres overalt i programmet.	A variable of global scope can be referenced anywhere in the program.
En variabel med blokomfang kan kun henvises til inden for sin egen kodeblok, der er tilsidesat af programmøren.	A variable of block scope can only be referenced within its own block of code set aside by the programmer.
En variabel med funktionsomfang kan kun refereres inden for en bestemt underrutine.	A variable of function scope can only be referenced within a particular subroutine.
Tag en skovl til det.	Take a shovel to it.
Jeg forlod baren, så snart kampen startede.	I left the bar as soon as the fight started.
Jeg bad Tom om tilladelse til at gøre det.	I asked Tom for permission to do that.
Yisroel Dovid Weiss delte podiet med David Duke, den tidligere stortroldmand fra Ku Klux Klan.	Yisroel Dovid Weiss shared a podium with David Duke, the former Grand Wizard of the Ku Klux Klan.
Om morgenen blænder solen bilister.	In the early morning the sun dazzles drivers.
Yisroel Dovid Weiss talte ved samme konference som David Duke, den tidligere leder af Ku Klux Klan.	Yisroel Dovid Weiss spoke at the same conference as David Duke, the former leader of the Ku Klux Klan.
Før vi begynder, lad os få et hurtigt overblik over Java 8.	Before we begin, let's have a quick overview of Java 8.
Før vi går i gang, er her en oversigt over, hvad vi lærte i sidste uge.	Before we get started, here's an overview of what we learned last week.
Før vi går ind i Marx' teorier, vil jeg give et hurtigt overblik over deres historiske kontekst.	Before we go into Marx's theories, I'm going to give a quick overview of their historical context.
Jeg har det forfærdeligt over at glemme din fødselsdag.	I feel awful about forgetting your birthday.
Jeg mistede snart Tom af syne i mængden.	I soon lost sight of Tom in the crowd.
Bevidsthed er nødvendig, men ikke tilstrækkelig.	Awareness is necessary but not sufficient.
Jeg har bragt webstedet i overensstemmelse med W3C-standarderne.	I've brought the website into compliance with W3C standards.
Vi ser overholdelse af eksisterende standarder som vigtig, men det tilsidesætter ikke vores egne krav.	We view compliance with existing standards as important, but this does not override our own requirements.
Stanniolhatte er en trojansk hest, der bruges til at tvinge folk til at overholde status quo.	Tinfoil hats are a Trojan horse used to force people into compliance with the status quo.
Jeg synes, at marihuana i høj grad forbedrer det at være udendørs, men jeg synes ikke, at det samme gælder indendørs aktivitet.	I find marijuana greatly enhances being outdoors, but I don't find the same to be true about indoor activity.
Interessenterne i et vandselskab bør være kunderne og medarbejderne, ikke en tredjepart.	The stakeholders in a water company should be the customers and employees, not some third party.
Jeg var den hårdeste dreng i nabolaget.	I was the toughest kid in the neighborhood.
De mennesker, der forgiftede Flint og andre byer for profit, burde stilles for retten for forbrydelser mod menneskeheden.	The people who poisoned Flint and other cities for profit should be put on trial for crimes against humanity.
Jeg troede på Tom, da han sagde, at han elskede mig.	I believed Tom when he said he loved me.
Jeg kan ikke se noget, for solen blænder mig.	I can't see anything, because the sun dazzles me.
Jeg kan intet se, for solen blænder mig.	I can see nothing, because the sun dazzles me.
Jeg samlede en sten op og kastede den mod hunden.	I picked up a rock and threw it at the dog.
Jeg bebrejder ikke Tom for at være sur på Mary.	I don't blame Tom for being mad at Mary.
Det planlægger vi at gøre næste aften.	We plan to do that the evening after next.
Jeg har været bekendt med Tom i årevis.	I've been acquainted with Tom for years.
Du er mere end en ven.	You are more than a friend.
Jeg har redet på heste siden jeg var barn.	I've been riding horses since I was a kid.
Skal jeg vente på, at Tom gør det for os?	Should I wait for Tom to do that for us?
Dette forhold fungerer bare ikke.	This relationship just doesn't work.
Jeg har skrevet sætningen om.	I have rewritten the sentence.
Jeg overvejer at forlade hende.	I am considering leaving her.
Det eneste hun gør er at klage.	All she does is complain.
Du må selv bestemme.	You must decide for yourself.
Jeg tror, ​​at dette forhold ikke vil fungere.	I think that this relationship won't work.
For nylig stødte jeg på min ekskæreste, men hun så ikke ud til at genkende mig.	Recently I ran into my ex-girlfriend, but she seemed not to recognize me.
Det, Tom lavede til frokost, kunne ikke spises.	What Tom prepared for lunch couldn't be eaten.
De vil kun læse interessante bøger.	They want to read only interesting books.
Jeg tror, ​​vi ville have det meget sjovt at gøre det.	I think we'd have a lot of fun doing that.
Tom takkede ja til jobbet uden tøven.	Tom accepted the job without hesitation.
Vi er alle venner her.	We are all friends here.
Efter han døde, var alle lettede.	After he died, everybody was relieved.
Sikke et smart barn!	What a smart kid!
Jeg burde nok tage tilbage til campingpladsen.	I should probably go back to the campsite.
Tom gik med til at gøre det uden tøven.	Tom agreed to do that without hesitation.
Jeg løb op ad trappen og tog to ad gangen.	I ran up the stairs, taking two at a time.
Tom sagde, at han ville gøre det uden tøven.	Tom said he'd do that without hesitation.
Vi ankom begge nogenlunde samtidig.	We both arrived roughly at the same time.
Er det dig, der rådede Tom til at gøre det?	Are you the one who advised Tom to do that?
"Jeg holder en sober nytårsfest, hvis du er interesseret."	"I'm having a sober New Years' party, if you're interested."
"Tak, men jeg behøver ikke ædruelighed for at have det godt."	"Thanks, but I don't need sobriety to have a good time."
Jesus var oprindeligt et græskar, indtil han blev bragt til live af Askepots fe-gudmor.	Jesus was originally a pumpkin until he was brought to life by Cinderella's fairy godmother.
Jeg har brugt meget tid derhjemme.	I've been spending a lot of time at home.
Jeg tror kun på halvdelen af ​​det, Tom sagde.	I believe only about half of what Tom said.
Ved du, hvilke europæiske lande der ikke har adgang til havet?	Do you know what European countries don't have access to the sea?
Tom drikker noget.	Tom's drinking something.
Hvordan lykkedes det katten at kravle op på taget?	How did the cat manage to climb on the roof?
Jeg indså, at noget var meget galt.	I realized that something was very wrong.
Jeg har aldrig bedt Tom om at gøre noget for mig.	I've never asked Tom to do anything for me.
Jeg løftede låget og kiggede ind i kassen.	I lifted the lid and looked into the box.
Jeg bliver ved med at bede Tom om at lytte, men det gør han ikke.	I keep telling Tom to listen, but he doesn't.
Jeg hørte noget rasle i buskene.	I heard something rustling in the bushes.
Tom kiggede på sit ur og rejste sig for at gå.	Tom glanced at his watch and got up to leave.
Jeg forlod butikken så hurtigt jeg kunne.	I exited the store as quickly as I could.
Jeg ved, hvem Tom er, men jeg har aldrig talt med ham.	I know who Tom is, but I've never spoken to him.
Perlemulter, en endemisk fiskeart, der kun findes i Van-søen i det østlige Tyrkiet, er endnu en gang påbegyndt deres udfordrende rejse mod livets bølge, svømmende opstrøms for at komme til ferskvand for at gyde deres babyer.	Pearl mullets, an endemic fish species found only in Lake Van in the east of Turkey, have once again embarked on their challenging journey against the tide of life, swimming upstream to get to freshwater to spawn their babies.
Festivalen, hvor tusindvis af mennesker normalt er vidne til perlemuldens hårde rejse hvert år og også fejrer og byder sæsonen velkommen, blev aflyst.	The festival where normally thousands of people witness the tough travel of pearl mullet every year and also celebrate and welcome the season was cancelled.
Et af Tyrkiets forårsritualer er perlemultens årlige rejse.	One of Turkey's rites of spring is the annual travel of the pearl mullet.
Laksene svømmer opstrøms til deres gydepladser.	The salmon swim upstream to their spawning grounds.
Laks vender tilbage til deres oprindelige fødested for at gyde.	Salmon return to their original birthplace to spawn.
Løbet op ad floden kan være udmattende for laks.	The run up the river can be exhausting for salmon.
Fiskestiger hjælper laksen med at omgå menneskeskabte forhindringer, såsom dæmninger.	Fish ladders help salmon bypass man-made obstacles, such as dams.
Laks er en nøgleart.	Salmon are a keystone species.
De fleste laks dør efter gydning.	Most salmon die after spawning.
Forskere mener, at laks kan være følsomme over for Jordens magnetfelt.	Scientists believe that salmon may be sensitive to the Earth's magnetic field.
Vi smadrede ruder med en hammer for at komme ind.	We smashed windows with a hammer to get in.
Der er æg i kassen.	There are eggs in the box.
Vandstanden har nået bilruder og huse er delvist nedsænket.	The water level has reached car windows and houses are partly submerged.
Jeg drak noget kaffe for at holde mig vågen.	I drank some coffee to keep myself awake.
Praksisen med at udvinde ædle metaller og sten fra Jorden går så langt tilbage som menneskets historie.	The practice of mining precious metals and stones from the Earth dates as far back as recorded human history.
Jeg tror, ​​at Tom aldrig ville gøre sådan noget.	I believe Tom would never do something like that.
Hannah Gjerde starter sin dag på sin hot-mat yogatime på forsiden af ​​hendes forældres hjem.	Hannah Gjerde starts her day at her hot-mat yoga class on the front lawn of her parent’s home.
Det er for overfyldt på mit værelse til at gøre det.	It’s too crowded in my room to do it.
Mange fitnesscentre er blevet betragtet som ikke-nødvendige virksomheder og må ikke åbne.	Many gyms have been deemed non-essential businesses and are not allowed to open.
Mange mennesker flytter deres træningsrutiner online.	Many people are moving their fitness routines online.
Gjerde, en californisk, bruger baghaven til sit træningsrum og gennemfører træning online med en instruktør på sit sædvanlige yogastudie.	Gjerde, a Californian, uses the backyard for her workout space, completing workouts online with an instructor at her usual yoga studio.
Jeg tror, ​​at mange mennesker gerne vil prøve det, før de køber det.	I think a lot of people want to try it before they buy it.
For at forblive motiveret er den bedste ting at gøre at få en af ​​dine venner til også at gøre det.	To stay motivated, the best thing to do is get one of your friends to do it, too.
Jeanette Thong, en privat træner baseret i Singapore, kom først i fitness, da hun begyndte at opleve rygsmerter og vægtøgning af at sidde ved et skrivebord hele dagen på sit kontorjob.	Jeanette Thong, a private trainer based in Singapore, first got into fitness when she started experiencing back pain and weight gain from sitting at a desk all day at her office job.
Siden udbruddet er hendes standarder for hendes træningspræstationer faldet.	Since the outbreak, her standards for her workout achievements have decreased.
Jeg laver ikke så meget, som jeg gjorde.	I'm not doing as much as I was.
Jeg laver ikke så meget, som jeg gjorde, men jeg prøver.	I'm not doing as much as I was, but I'm trying.
Normalt konkurrerer jeg med pigen ved siden af ​​mig, i mit hoved.	Usually I'm competing with the girl next to me, in my head.
Nu er der ingen til at holde mig ansvarlig.	Now, there's no one to hold me accountable.
Når det er overstået, vil jeg gerne se super godt ud, når jeg går på stranden.	When this is over, I do want to look super good when I go to the beach.
De gamle talte om livet.	The old men were talking about life.
Vores klasse var som en familie.	Our class was like a family.
Forskere, der udforskede nedsænkede huler under Mexicos Yucatan-halvø, fandt beviser på en minedrift, der menes at gå tusinder af år tilbage	Researchers exploring submerged caves under Mexico’s Yucatan Peninsula found evidence of a mining endeavor believed to date back thousands of years
En lys meteor lyste himlen op over Tokyo.	A bright meteor lit up the sky above Tokyo.
Gør hvad jeg gør.	Do what I do.
En mand i Florida blev dræbt af en hjerneædende amøbe.	A man in Florida was killed by a brain-eating amoeba.
Amøben kommer ind i hjernen gennem næsen.	The amoeba enters the brain through the nose.
Jeg ville ikke ud igen i regnen.	I didn't want to go back out in the rain.
Det ville være bedst, hvis Tom var den, der gjorde det.	It would be best if Tom was the one who did that.
Jeg kunne ikke se præcis, hvad der foregik.	I couldn't see exactly what was going on.
Jeg spurgte, om Tom havde tænkt sig at gøre det eller ej.	I asked whether Tom was planning to do that or not.
Tom hjalp andefamilien med at krydse vejen.	Tom helped the duck family cross the road.
Klokken var 14.00. om eftermiddagen den 7. maj 1915.	It was 2 p.m. on the afternoon of May 7, 1915.
Lusitania var blevet ramt af to torpedoer i rækkefølge og sank hurtigt, mens bådene blev søsat med al mulig hastighed.	The Lusitania had been struck by two torpedoes in succession and was sinking rapidly, while the boats were being launched with all possible speed.
En pige stod alene, lidt adskilt fra resten.	One girl stood alone, slightly apart from the rest.
Hun var ret ung, ikke mere end atten.	She was quite young, not more than eighteen.
Hun virkede ikke bange, og hendes alvorlige, standhaftige øjne så lige frem.	She did not seem afraid, and her grave, steadfast eyes looked straight ahead.
Der havde været en antydning af mystik over ham, som havde appelleret til hendes fantasi.	There had been a hint of mystery about him which had appealed to her imagination.
Han havde en nervøs måde at se sig over skulderen på med et hurtigt, mistænksomt blik.	He had a nervous way of looking over his shoulder with a swift, suspicious glance.
Der var perler af sved på hans pande.	There were beads of perspiration on his brow.
Pigen rødmede.	The girl flushed.
Jeg bærer papirer - livsvigtige papirer.	I'm carrying papers—vitally important papers.
De kan gøre hele forskellen for de allierede i krigen.	They may make all the difference to the Allies in the war.
Forstår du?	You understand?
Disse papirer skal gemmes!	These papers have got to be saved!
Vil du tage dem?	Will you take them?
Pigen rakte hånden frem.	The girl held out her hand.
Vent - jeg må advare dig.	Wait—I must warn you.
Der kan være en risiko – hvis jeg er blevet fulgt.	There may be a risk—if I've been followed.
Det tror jeg ikke, jeg har, men man ved aldrig.	I don't think I have, but one never knows.
Hvis det er tilfældet, vil der være fare.	If so, there will be danger.
Har du mod til at gå igennem det?	Have you the nerve to go through with it?
Til frokost spiste jeg en sandwich og et æble.	For lunch, I ate a sandwich and an apple.
Jeg tror, ​​vi må hellere få Tom til lægen med det samme.	I think we'd better get Tom to a doctor right away.
Pigen smilede.	The girl smiled.
Drengen smilede.	The boy smiled.
Jeg indså, at der var noget helt galt.	I realized something was terribly wrong.
Jeg spurgte Tom, hvem han planlagde at tage til Boston med.	I asked Tom who he was planning to go to Boston with.
Dette er ekstremt pinligt.	This is extremely embarrassing.
Hvem har hjulpet dem?	Who's helped them?
Jeg sværger, jeg har ikke kopieret det.	I swear I didn't copy that.
Jeg tror ikke, der er liv på Mars.	I don't think that there's life on Mars.
Jeg tager en kop kaffe til efter frokost.	I'll have another cup of coffee after lunch.
Jeg overvejer at forlade hende.	I'm considering leaving her.
Jeg tror, ​​at dette forhold ikke vil fungere.	I think this relationship won't work.
Jeg spurgte, om Tom havde tænkt sig at gøre det eller ej.	I asked whether Tom was planning on doing that or not.
Ved du, hvilke europæiske lande der ikke har adgang til havet?	Do you know which European countries don't have access to the sea?
Mange mennesker bekymrer sig kun om at "forsvare sproget", når det involverer queer mennesker, der definerer sig selv.	A lot of people only care about "defending language" when it involves queer people defining themselves.
Jeg ved ikke, om jeg skal gøre det eller ej.	I don't know if I should do that or not.
Jeg tror, ​​at Tom havde noget med kidnapningen at gøre.	I believe that Tom had something to do with the kidnapping.
De to unge mennesker hilste kærligt på hinanden.	The two young people greeted each other affectionately.
Jeg følte mig utilpas med hele situationen.	I felt uncomfortable with the whole situation.
Tom følte sig utilpas med hele situationen.	Tom felt uncomfortable with the whole situation.
Jeg har aldrig set en vaskebjørn i dette område.	I've never seen a raccoon in this area.
Jeg tror, ​​vi må hellere få Tom på hospitalet med det samme.	I think we'd better get Tom to the hospital right away.
Jeg har vænnet mig til at tale offentligt.	I've gotten used to speaking in public.
Jeg tror, ​​at Tom ikke ville være i stand til at gøre sådan noget.	I believe that Tom wouldn't be capable of doing such a thing.
Tommy bestilte te og boller.	Tommy ordered tea and buns.
Tuppence bestilte te og toast med smør.	Tuppence ordered tea and buttered toast.
"Og pas på, at teen kommer i separate tekander," tilføjede hun alvorligt.	"And mind the tea comes in separate teapots," she added severely.
Tommy satte sig over for hende.	Tommy sat down opposite her.
Hans blottede hoved afslørede et chok af udsøgt tilbageslidt rødt hår.	His bared head revealed a shock of exquisitely slicked-back red hair.
Hans brune jakkesæt var godt skåret.	His brown suit was well cut.
De var i det væsentlige et moderne par, da de sad der.	They were an essentially modern-looking couple as they sat there.
Tuppence havde intet krav på skønhed, men der var karakter og charme i de alfine linjer i hendes lille ansigt.	Tuppence had no claim to beauty, but there was character and charm in the elfin lines of her little face.
Hun bar en lille lysegrøn toque over sit sorte, afrundede hår.	She wore a small bright green toque over her black bobbed hair.
Hendes ekstremt korte og ret lurvede nederdel afslørede et par ualmindeligt fine ankler.	Her extremely short and rather shabby skirt revealed a pair of uncommonly dainty ankles.
Hendes udseende viste et tappert forsøg på smarthed.	Her appearance presented a valiant attempt at smartness.
Teen kom endelig.	The tea came at last.
Teen kom endelig, og Tuppence, der rejste sig fra et anfald af meditation, hældte den ud.	The tea came at last, and Tuppence, rousing herself from a fit of meditation, poured it out.
Vi havde flere meget behagelige teselskaber.	We had several very enjoyable tea parties.
Siden da har jeg søgt job.	Since then I've been looking for a job.
Så nu - din tur.	Now then—your turn.
Jeg har været på jobsøgning!	I've been job hunting!
Der er ingen job!	There aren't any jobs!
Der er ingen job!	There aren't any jobs!
Og hvis der var, ville de ikke give dem til mig.	And, if there were, they wouldn't give 'em to me.
Hvad er jeg god til?	What good am I?
Hvad ved jeg om forretning?	What do I know about business?
Intet.	Nothing.
"Din mor er død, er hun ikke?" sagde Tuppence blidt.	"Your mother's dead, isn't she?" said Tuppence gently.
Tommy nikkede.	Tommy nodded.
Tuppences store grå øjne så tågede ud.	Tuppence's large grey eyes looked misty.
Jeg har besluttet at gå tilbage til kabinen.	I've decided to head back to the cabin.
Jeg skrev et brev til Tom og bad ham komme og besøge os til sommer.	I wrote Tom a letter and asked him to come visit us this summer.
Jeg hjælper altid gamle damer over krydsninger og henter pakker til gamle herrer, hvis de skulle vise sig at være excentriske millionærer.	I always help old ladies over crossings, and pick up parcels for old gentlemen, in case they should turn out to be eccentric millionaires.
Men ingen af ​​dem har nogensinde spurgt mig om hvad jeg hedder - og mange har aldrig sagt "tak".	But not one of them has ever asked me my name—and quite a lot never said 'Thank you.'
Jeg kan godt lide basmatiris.	I like basmati rice.
Opskriften kalder på basmatiris.	The recipe calls for basmati rice.
Det er for varmt til at gøre noget.	It's too hot to do anything.
Vi kan godt lide mangfoldighed.	We like diversity.
Helen Keller var medlem af Industrial Workers of the World.	Helen Keller was a member of the Industrial Workers of the World.
Helen Keller var socialist, antimilitarist og aktivist for handicappede.	Helen Keller was a socialist, antimilitarist, and disability rights activist.
Passagerduer uddøde i begyndelsen af ​​det 20. århundrede.	Passenger pigeons became extinct at the start of the 20th century.
Undersøgelsen, udført af forskere ved New York University (NYU) School of Medicine og offentliggjort torsdag i Particle and Fiber Toxicology Journal, viser, at almindelige fyrværkeri og andet kommercielt tilgængeligt fyrværkeri, der eksploderer i luften, frigiver tungmetaller som titanium, kobber, strontium og endda blypartikler i luften.	The study, conducted by researchers at the New York University (NYU) School of Medicine and published Thursday in the Particle and Fibre Toxicology Journal, indicates that common fireworks displays and other commercially available fireworks that explode in the air release heavy metals such as titanium, copper, strontium and even lead particulates into the air.
En ny undersøgelse peger på, at fyrværkeri kan være skadeligt for mennesker og dyr.	A new study indicates that fireworks may be harmful to humans and animals.
Tidligere undersøgelser om fyrværkerisikkerhed fokuserede på fysiske skader, der kan blive påført, når fyrværkeri eksploderer.	Previous studies on firework safety focused on physical injuries that might be suffered as fireworks explode.
Jeg hamrede på døren, men ingen kom.	I pounded on the door, but nobody came.
Rumvandrende astronauter bærer et håndledsspejl på hvert ærme for at få bedre udsigt, mens de arbejder.	Spacewalking astronauts wear a wrist mirror on each sleeve to get better views while working.
Cassidy og andre astronaut Bob Behnken har gennemført den første af mindst fire rumvandringer for at erstatte den sidste i rækken af ​​gamle nikkel-hydrogen-batterier med nye, mere effektive lithium-ion-batterier.	Cassidy and fellow astronaut Bob Behnken have conducted the first of at least four spacewalks to replace the last in series of old nickel-hydrogen batteries with new, more efficient lithium-ion batteries.
Batterierne lagrer energi opsamlet af stationens solcellepaneler.	The batteries store energy collected by the station's solar panel arrays.
Jeg lånte ikke kun penge af Tom, men jeg lånte også penge af hans kone.	I not only borrowed money from Tom, but I also borrowed money from his wife.
Jeg tror, ​​Tom havde noget med kidnapningen at gøre.	I believe Tom had something to do with the kidnapping.
Skal vi virkelig prøve det?	Shall we really try it?
Lad os drikke til succes.	Let's drink to success.
Hun hældte nogle kolde dråber te i de to kopper.	She poured some cold dregs of tea into the two cups.
Her er til vores joint venture, og må det lykkes!	Here's to our joint venture, and may it prosper!
De to unge mennesker gik i hver sin retning.	The two young people went off in opposite directions.
Medarbejderen fulgte proceduren.	The employee followed the procedure.
Medarbejderen fulgte ikke proceduren.	The employee did not follow the procedure.
Tom fulgte proceduren.	Tom followed the procedure.
Det forvirrede mig i starten.	It confused me at first.
Jeg kan forsikre dig om, at jeg ikke mener respektløs.	I can assure you I mean no disrespect.
Jeg kan forsikre dig om, at jeg ikke mener respektløs.	I can assure you that I mean no disrespect.
Hun så ham op og ned.	She looked him up and down.
Det gjorde jeg ikke selv.	I myself didn't do that.
Tom var lederen.	Tom was the leader.
Hvor længe lever edderkopper?	How long do spiders live?
Tom forlod mødet tidligt.	Tom left the meeting early.
Her er de nyheder, jeg har ventet på.	Here's the news I've been waiting for.
Og hvad er plan B?	And what is Plan B?
Det er der ingen måde at gøre det på.	There's no way to do that.
Tom kan lide sin plejemor.	Tom likes his foster mother.
Hvorfor købte du denne hest?	Why did you buy this horse?
Tom vandt med få stemmer.	Tom won by just a few votes.
Har du taget en bog med at læse?	Did you bring a book to read?
Tom nåede til klassen til tiden.	Tom made it to the class on time.
Jeg husker ikke hændelsen.	I don't remember the incident.
Tom led ofte af hovedpine.	Tom often suffered from headaches.
Jeg arbejder ikke overarbejde længere.	I don't work overtime anymore.
Tom sagde, at han ikke havde kendt til det.	Tom said he hadn't known about it.
Jeg endte med at ringe til politiet.	I ended up calling the police.
Tom kunne ikke få vinduet lukket.	Tom couldn't get the window closed.
Jeg endte med at sove i min bil.	I ended up sleeping in my car.
Tom mistede synet ved ulykken.	Tom lost his sight in the accident.
Jeg gik forsigtigt ind i hulen.	I entered the cave cautiously.
Tom lagde sin hånd på min skulder.	Tom placed his hand on my shoulder.
Jeg blev angrebet i søvne af en killing.	I was attacked in my sleep by a kitten.
Jeg er glad for, at du vil være der.	I'm glad you're going to be there.
Jeg er glad for, at du vil hjælpe os.	I'm glad you're going to help us.
Jeg er glad for, at du vil hjælpe Tom med at gøre det.	I'm glad you're going to help Tom do that.
Jeg er glad for, at du har besluttet ikke at gøre det.	I'm glad you've decided not to do that.
Jeg er glad for, at du har besluttet ikke at tage afsted.	I'm glad you've decided not to leave.
Jeg er glad for, at du har besluttet ikke at træde tilbage.	I'm glad you've decided not to resign.
Du er sådan et fjols!	You're such a fool!
Det er karakteristisk.	It's distinctive.
Jeg ønsker dig alt det bedste.	I'm wishing you all the best.
Kvæg vil blive opdrættet af robotter.	Cattle will be raised by robots.
Grød smager bedst med mælk.	Porridge tastes best with milk.
Havregrød smager bedst med mælk.	Oat porridge tastes best with milk.
Vi ved alle, at guld er tungere end sølv.	We all know gold is heavier than silver.
Dette er nyheden, jeg har ventet på.	This is the news I've been waiting for.
Dette er nyheden, som jeg har ventet på.	This is the news that I've been waiting for.
Dette er pakken, jeg har ventet på.	This is the package that I've been waiting for.
Det er den pakke jeg har ventet på.	This is the package I've been waiting for.
Du er den, jeg har ventet på.	You're who I've been waiting for.
Efter mere end et århundrede med at forfølge jøder som kommunister og hævde "kommunister dræbte Jesus", hævder kristne nu, at Jesus var en kommunist, der blev dræbt af jødiske kapitalister.	After more than a century of persecuting Jews as communists and claiming "communists killed Jesus," Christians are now claiming Jesus was a communist who was killed by Jewish capitalists.
John E. Rankin, et medlem af House Un-American Activities Committee, udtalte engang: "Kommunisme er ældre end kristendommen.	John E. Rankin, a member of the House Un-American Activities Committee, once stated, "Communism is older than Christianity.
Det er tidernes forbandelse.	It is the curse of the ages.
Det forfulgte og forfulgte Frelseren under hans jordiske virke, inspirerede hans korsfæstelse."	It hounded and persecuted the Savior during his earthly ministry, inspired his crucifixion."
Vi bør læse følgende, uddrag fra "Espero Katolika" (januar 1921), om den 7. kongres af katolske esperantister: "Under den kongres i Graz bliver vi nødt til at stifte en meget stærk international hær mod den blinde revolutions magter, imod materialistisk bolsjevisme, farlig anarkisme, frimurernes antikirkelige handling osv..."	We should read the following, excerpted from "Espero Katolika" (January 1921), about the 7th Congress of Catholic Esperantists: "During that congress in Graz, we will have to found a very strong international army against the powers of blind revolution, against materialist Bolshevism, dangerous anarchism, the anti-ecclesiastic action of the Freemasons, etc..."
Så katolikkerne bruger allerede esperanto til at modsætte sig vores aktivitet, for at forhindre vores befrielse.	So the Catholics are already using Esperanto to oppose our activity, to prevent our liberation.
For nylig mødte jeg min ekskæreste, men hun så ikke ud til at genkende mig.	Recently I met my ex-girlfriend, but she seemed not to recognize me.
For nylig mødte jeg min ekskæreste, men hun så ikke ud til at genkende mig.	Recently I met my ex-girlfriend, but she did not seem to recognize me.
Jeg omskrev sætningen.	I rewrote the sentence.
Hvem hjalp dig med det?	Who helped you do that?
Hvem skal hjælpe mig?	Who is supposed to help me?
Jeg har omskrevet sætningen.	I've rewritten the sentence.
Jeg har omskrevet rapporten.	I've rewritten the report.
Skildpadden lever længe.	The turtle lives a long time.
Skildpadder lever normalt længe.	Turtles usually live a long time.
Skildpadder har en levetid på 10 til over 100 år.	Turtles have a lifespan of 10 to over 100 years.
Hvad er den gennemsnitlige levetid for en frø?	What's the average lifespan of a frog?
Hvilke lever længere, chimpanser eller bavianer?	Which live longer, chimpanzees or baboons?
Ti personer kom til foredraget.	Ten people came to the lecture.
Jeg ved ikke, om det er mandag eller tirsdag i dag.	I don't know if today is Monday or Tuesday.
Kommer han med mig?	Is he coming with me?
Tre mennesker døde, otte blev såret.	Three people died, eight were injured.
Jeg bekymrer mig for meget om de fejl, jeg laver.	I worry too much about the mistakes I make.
Har du sendt bogen?	Have you sent the book?
Har du sendt bogen endnu?	Have you sent the book yet?
Hver dag vander jeg blomster i en have.	Every day I water flowers in a garden.
"Det ved jeg." sagde Maria med halvt lukkede øjne.	"That I know.", said Maria with half closed eyes.
Da vi kom hjem, hørte vi gode beskeder.	When we returned home, we heard good messages.
Det synes ikke at være utilfreds med hende.	That does not seem to displease her.
De begyndte at arbejde.	They started to work.
De begyndte at arbejde.	They started working.
Han vil have, at jeg får ham alt, hvad jeg har.	He wants me to get him everything that I have.
Foragt ikke dig selv.	Don't despise yourself.
Jeg spekulerer på, hvordan den gik i stykker.	I wonder how it got broken.
Desværre regnede det.	Unfortunately, it was raining.
Tom troede, at præstindens bønner havde helbredt ham.	Tom believed that the priestess's prayers had healed him.
Jeg vil ikke tjekke dit arbejde.	I won't check your work.
Tom troede, han var blevet helbredt af Gud.	Tom thought he'd been healed by God.
Alex sagde, at de ville gøre det i morgen.	Alex said that they'll do it tomorrow.
Jo mere du ejer, jo mere vil du have.	The more you own, the more you want.
Det er bestemt en fejl.	That is certainly a mistake.
Inden du tager hjemmefra, skal du læse vejrudsigten.	Before leaving home, consult the weather forecast.
Lad os kræve en forklaring fra ham!	Let's demand an explanation from him!
Betyder det ja eller nej?	Does that mean yes or no?
Jeg er toogfirs år gammel.	I am eighty two years old.
I værelset var der ingen udover ham.	In the room there was nobody besides him.
Hvornår har du sidst spist eller drukket?	When was the last time you ate or drank?
Fulgte du mig her?	You followed me here?
Fulgte du mig her?	Did you follow me here?
Manden tog et kort op af lommen og rakte hende det med en sløjfe.	The man took a card from his pocket and handed it to her with a bow.
I USA er "ret til at arbejde" dobbelte ord for fagforeningskrydende foranstaltninger.	In the United States, "right to work" is doublespeak for union-busting measures.
En behagelig spænding af spænding fik Tuppence til at krible.	A pleasurable thrill of excitement made Tuppence tingle.
Der gik lang tid, før Tuppence gik i seng den nat.	It was a long time before Tuppence went to sleep that night.
At ankomme før tiden ville se overivrig ud.	To arrive before the time would look over-eager.
Så Tuppence besluttede at gå til enden af ​​gaden og tilbage igen.	So Tuppence decided to walk to the end of the street and back again.
Partiets platform er fuld af dobbelttale, der sigter mod at klæde dets misantropiske politik på i frihedens og retfærdighedens sprog.	The party's platform is full of doublespeak aimed at dressing its misanthropic policies up in the language of liberty and justice.
I 2017 opfandt Kellyanne Conway termen "alternative fakta" for at beskrive den falske version af virkeligheden, som er konstrueret af Donald Trumps evigt uærlige og selvtjenende udtalelser.	In 2017, Kellyanne Conway coined the doublespeak term "alternative facts" to describe the false version of reality constructed by Donald Trump's perpetually dishonest and self-serving statements.
Min søster er flyttet til Østrig.	My sister has moved to Austria.
Under Golfkrigen opfandt det amerikanske forsvarsministerium dobbeltspeak-begrebet "besøg et sted" for at henvise til bombemissioner.	During the Gulf War, the U.S. Department of Defense coined the doublespeak term "visiting a site" to refer to bombing missions.
Hvorfor gjorde du det uden min tilladelse?	Why did you do it without my permission?
Jeg foragter det.	I despise it.
Du behøver ikke at stoppe.	You don't have to stop.
De tog til byggepladsen trods forbuddet.	They went to the construction site despite the prohibition.
Arbejderne havde ikke hjelme.	The workers didn't have helmets.
Mary og Alice lader som om de er gift.	Mary and Alice are pretending to be married.
Tom og John lader som om de er gift.	Tom and John are pretending to be married.
Du ser så bleg ud.	You look so pale.
Er du syg?	Are you sick?
Hun er alene.	She's alone.
Mr. Whittington sad bag et stort skrivebord dækket med papirer.	Mr. Whittington was seated behind a large desk covered with papers.
Tom knuste butiksvinduet med en hammer.	Tom broke the shop window with a hammer.
Har du sendt bogen?	Did you send the book?
Det er sidste gang, jeg låner dig min bil.	This is the last time that I lend you my car.
Arbejderne har ikke hjelme.	The workers don't have helmets.
Hvor længe vil du tolerere hans tyranni?	How long are you going to tolerate his tyranny?
Ud hænder, at vi får dem til at arbejde eller redde dem, At blive til støv er deres lod.	Out hands, that we make them work or save them, To become dust is their lot.
Hvem tør sige til løven: "Din mund lugter dårligt"?	Who dare say to the lion: "Your mouth smells bad"?
Hellere sove med pine end at stå op med fortrydelser.	Better to sleep with torment than to get up with regrets.
Hvad skal de hjælpe mig med?	What are they supposed to help me with?
Hvad skal jeg hjælpe dem med?	What I am supposed to help them with?
Den hvide uld, hvis det var løven og ikke lammet, der gav den, vil få være dem, der vil bære en burnous.	The white wool, if it was the lion and not the lamb that yields it, few will be those who will wear a burnous.
Jeg nyder at vandre.	I enjoy hiking.
Jeg er til vandreture.	I'm into hiking.
Hvis pløjning var et spørgsmål om at se, vil enhver tærske hvede.	If ploughing was a matter of gazing, anybody will thresh wheat.
Jeg blev smidt ud af butikken.	I got kicked out of the store.
Tom og Mary lod som om de var gift med hinanden.	Tom and Mary pretended to be married to each other.
Tom havde mistanke om, at det kunne være for sent.	Tom suspected that it might be too late.
Det er bestemt en fejl.	That's definitely a mistake.
Tom sagde, at han ville gøre det i morgen.	Tom said that he'll do it tomorrow.
Tom sagde, at han ville gøre det i morgen.	Tom said he'll do it tomorrow.
Tom sagde, at han ikke ville gøre det i morgen.	Tom said he won't do that tomorrow.
Det gør vi ikke i morgen.	We won't be doing this tomorrow.
Vi gør det igen i morgen.	We'll be doing this again tomorrow.
Her er indgangen.	Here is the entrance.
Jeg havde huset helt for mig selv.	I had the house all to myself.
Tom spiller klarinet usædvanligt godt.	Tom plays the clarinet exceptionally well.
I går havde jeg ikke så meget at lave.	Yesterday I did not have a lot to do.
Jeg vil have bukser.	I want pants.
Du spiser din chokolade.	You are eating your chocolate.
Jeg er selvfølgelig lidt ked af at forlade denne by, hvor jeg har boet i mange år.	Of course, I am a little sad to leave this city, where I have lived for many years.
I den kiste er der mange gamle mønter lavet af kobber, sølv og guld.	In that chest there are many old coins made of copper, silver and gold.
En kamel er høj, men en giraf er højere.	A camel is tall, but a giraffe is taller.
Prøv det med en hammer.	Try it with a hammer.
Jeg kan godt lide historier om vampyrer.	I like stories about vampires.
Skriv din vens fejl i sandet!	Write your friend's faults on the sand!
Tom var tilfreds med den måde, vi gjorde det på.	Tom was satisfied with the way we did that.
Min drøm er at studere jødisk-tysk i Vilnius.	My dream is to study Judeo-German in Vilnius.
Jeg bor et ret varmt sted.	I live in a fairly warm place.
Tom sagde, at han troede, at der ikke var liv på Mars.	Tom said he thought there was no life on Mars.
At sige, at Shlomo Sand er fuld af lort, er at sige det let, men den branche, han er i, er lukrativ.	To say that Shlomo Sand is full of shit is putting it lightly, but the industry he is in is a lucrative one.
Jeg vil prøve at holde dig orienteret.	I'll try to keep you informed.
Tom vil have sin søn til at lære at læse fransk.	Tom wants his son to learn how to read French.
Der boede mange mennesker.	A lot of people lived there.
Jeg er ikke sød!	I'm not cute!
Min nabos hund holdt aldrig op med at gø.	My neighbor's dog never stopped barking.
Jeg er en meget indadvendt person.	I'm a very introverted person.
Tom lagde sit snavsede tøj i vasketøjskurven.	Tom put his dirty clothes in the laundry basket.
De magtesløse tager altid fejl.	The powerless are always in the wrong.
Jeg overlader det til i morgen.	I'm leaving that for tomorrow.
Skydejernet binder.	The shooting iron binds.
Tom sagde, at han troede, at der ikke var liv på Mars.	Tom said that he thought there was no life on Mars.
Selvfølgelig vil jeg skrive hundredvis af sætninger på Tatoeba, men jeg har andre ventende opgaver.	Of course, I want to write hundreds of sentences on Tatoeba, but I've got other pending tasks.
Det er utroligt, at du stadig ikke er i fængsel.	It's incredible that you still aren't in jail.
Jeg lå ubevægelig nogle sekunder og forsøgte at forstå, hvor jeg var.	I lay motionless for some seconds, trying to understand where I was.
De adopterede et forældreløst barn.	They adopted an orphan.
Jeg troede ikke, at universitetet ville være så sjovt.	I didn't think university was going to be this fun.
I øjeblikket mangler Indien livsnødvendige varer.	Currently, India lacks essential goods for living.
Lektionen slutter ved middagstid.	The lesson finishes at noon.
De!	Yo!
Skynd dig!	Hurry up!
Kom nu!	Come on!
Hvis jeg fortalte dig, hvad du skulle gøre, ville du så gøre det?	If I told you what to do, would you do it?
Vi må hellere gå til et andet rum, så de ikke kan høre, hvad vi taler om.	We'd better go to another room, so they can't hear what we're talking about.
Vi burde gå til et andet rum, så de ikke kan høre, hvad vi taler om.	We should go to another room, so they can't hear what we're talking about.
Det er stadig for tidligt at tage afsted.	It's still too early to leave.
Lad os tage et sted, hvor vi kan snakke privat.	Let's go someplace where we can talk in private.
Lad mig fortælle dig, hvordan Tom og jeg mødtes.	Let me tell you how Tom and I met.
Tom returnerede de bøger, han havde lånt, til biblioteket.	Tom returned the books he'd borrowed to the library.
Ambulancen ankom kort efter vi ringede.	The ambulance arrived soon after we called.
Ambulancen ankom med det samme.	The ambulance arrived right away.
Jeg har aldrig interesseret mig for visse ting, men nu er det mere end en fornøjelse, det er næsten en pligt, at vide i det mindste lidt om dem.	I've never been interested in certain things, but now it's more than a pleasure, it's almost a duty, to know at least a little about them.
Jeg byggede et skur bag mit hus.	I built a shed behind my house.
Tom tog en bog fra bogreolen og begyndte at læse den.	Tom took a book from the bookshelf and started reading it.
Mange mente, at rapporten var dårligt skrevet.	Many people thought that the report was poorly written.
Tom vil gerne spise.	Tom wants to eat.
Jeg har ikke engang en bil	I don't even have a car
Det vil være næsten umuligt at få denne plan godkendt.	It'll be almost impossible to get this plan approved.
Tom vil køre.	Tom wants to drive.
Jeg burde have lidt tid til at hjælpe dig om eftermiddagen.	I should have some time to help you in the afternoon.
Tom vil gerne gøre dette.	Tom wants to do this.
Lad mig prøve at gøre det.	Please let me try doing that.
Lad mig prøve at gøre det.	Please let me try to do that.
Jeg tror ikke du kan forhindre det i at ske.	I don't think you could stop that from happening.
Tom vil spise nu.	Tom wants to eat now.
Lad os tage et sted hen, hvor vi to kan tale sammen.	Let's go somewhere where the two of us can talk.
Vi er næsten løbet tør for toiletpapir.	We're almost out of toilet paper.
Næste gang du går i supermarkedet, så køb noget toiletpapir.	The next time you go to the supermarket, buy some toilet paper.
De ønsker ikke at ændre sig.	They don't want to change.
Høns og nogle andre dyr får også influenza.	Chickens and some other animals also get the flu.
Tom vil gå alene.	Tom wants to go alone.
Nogle mennesker siger, at dette vil ændre verden.	Some people say that this will change the world.
Tom vil gerne undskylde.	Tom wants to apologize.
Verden skal ændre sig.	The world needs to change.
Nogen tror måske, vi prøver at stjæle det her.	Someone might think we're trying to steal this.
Tom har gjort et dårligt stykke arbejde.	Tom has done a poor job.
Jeg troede, du ville sige noget andet.	I thought you were going to say something else.
Tom ville gerne undskylde.	Tom wanted to apologize.
Mange mennesker tror, ​​at det sandsynligvis ikke vil ske.	Many people think that isn't likely to happen.
Jeg var ikke klar over, at jeg blev optaget.	I wasn't aware that I was being recorded.
Tom vil gå på kompromis.	Tom wants to compromise.
Mange mennesker tror, ​​at det sandsynligvis ikke vil ske.	Many people think that that isn't likely to happen.
Kan du komme i tanke om noget andet, vi skal gøre?	Can you think of anything else we need to do?
Tom vil lave mad i dag.	Tom wants to cook today.
Vi er stødt på nogle uventede forhindringer.	We've encountered some unexpected obstacles.
Tom vil have det lige nu.	Tom wants that right now.
Jeg lånte denne bil af en af ​​mine venner.	I borrowed this car from one of my friends.
Tom vil gerne være med.	Tom wants to be included.
Nogle elever kan ikke lide at bære uniformer.	Some students don't like wearing uniforms.
Tom vil gøre det nu.	Tom wants to do that now.
Nogle eksperter siger, at dette stadig ikke er nok.	Some experts say this is still not enough.
Tom går som en gammel mand.	Tom walks like an old man.
En måde at få D-vitamin på er fra solskin.	One way to get vitamin D is from sunshine.
Tom ville gerne være med.	Tom wanted to be included.
Du kan låne min cykel et par dage.	You can borrow my bicycle for a few days.
Tom vil gerne gøre det her.	Tom wants to do that here.
De forventes snart at træffe en beslutning.	They're expected to make a decision soon.
Tom ville gerne involveres.	Tom wanted to get involved.
Mange siger, at de har for travlt til at stemme.	Many people say they're too busy to vote.
Tom vil gøre det alene.	Tom wants to do that alone.
Sådanne hændelser er sket før.	Incidents like this have happened before.
Tom vil spise lige nu.	Tom wants to eat right now.
Jeg tror, ​​at de bare er forsigtige.	I think that they're just being cautious.
Hvor mange kilometer per liter får denne bil cirka?	About how many kilometers per liter does this car get?
Mange mennesker kunne ikke lide Tom.	Many people didn't like Tom.
Der har boet mange mennesker.	A lot of people have lived there.
Hvor mange elever sagde du, at der var?	How many students did you say there were?
Folk siger, at Tom er genial.	People say Tom is brilliant.
De gav ham en pistol.	They gave him a gun.
Eksperter siger, at dette kunne have været forhindret.	Experts say this could've been prevented.
Salaten er klar, det eneste vi skal gøre er at tilsætte salt og peber.	The salad is ready, all we need to do is to add salt and pepper.
Lad os stoppe hende!	Let's stop her!
Undgår det kun konfrontation?	Does it only avoid confrontation?
Tom kan måske ikke lide maden.	Tom might not like the food.
Der er en skunk.	There's a skunk.
Vi studerer ikke latin.	We don't study latin.
I lærte ikke noget i skolen.	You guys didn't learn anything at school.
Forfatningen styrer en stats måde at leve på.	Constitution rules a State's way of living.
Gør de det lige efter det?	Do they do that right after that?
Jeg mistede en sok.	I lost a sock.
Jeg var så sikker på, at vi skulle se det!	I was so sure we were going to see that!
Tager du prøver på næste session?	Are you taking tests on the next session?
Hvorfor lytter jeg stadig til dig efter alle disse år?	Why do I still listen to you after all these years?
Tom vil ikke rede sengene.	Tom will not make the beds.
Hun elsker faldskærmsudspring.	She loves Skydiving.
Hvilken nationalitet er dine lærere?	What nationality are your teachers?
Hvilken nationalitet er dine lærere?	What nationality are your teachers?
ungarere.	Hungarians.
Det er et meget populært spil.	It's a very popular game.
Diogenes var den første punk.	Diogenes was the first punk.
Hvad er dit mobilnummer?	What's your cell phone number?
Det kan ske hurtigere end du tror.	That might happen sooner than you think.
Tom ville gerne være her i dag.	Tom wanted to be here today.
Jeg troede ikke, jeg ville være i fare.	I didn't think I would be in any danger.
Folk siger, at Tom er meget klog.	People say Tom is very smart.
Jeg fangede kun tre fisk.	I caught only three fish.
Eksperter siger, at TB er en sygdom, der kan forebygges.	Experts say TB is a preventable disease.
Tom kunne ikke lide sine lærere.	Tom didn't like his teachers.
Folk siger, at Tom er et geni.	People say Tom is a genius.
Det var ikke lige sådan det skete.	That isn't exactly the way it happened.
Tom mister altid sin hat.	Tom is always losing his hat.
Er min bedste ven ikke libaneser?	Isn't my best friend Lebanese?
De skal til Sverige for at studere	They're going to Sweden to study
Du skal til Brasilien for at bygge bygninger	You're going to Brasil to construct buildings
Mange tror, ​​de stiger.	A lot think they're rising.
De fordamper faktisk i tomrummet	They're actually evaporating in the void
Vidste du, at Tom var muslim?	Did you know that Tom was Muslim?
Han tager sig af hvis	He's taking care of if
Har præsten ret?	Is the priest right?
Har de mexicansk pas?	Do they have Mexican passport?
De kommer ikke til at lære noget i Finland	They're not going to learn anything in Finland
Han kalder alle analfabeter.	He's calling everybody illiterate.
Tom gik i bad	Tom was taking a shower
Det var ingen nødsituation.	It was no emergency.
De siger nogle gange, at man skal tage en risiko.	They say sometimes you have to take a risk.
Du skal til stemmeurnerne i dag.	You're going to the polls today.
Min bedste ven var pakistaner?	My best friend was Pakistani?
De vil ikke bygge broer i Frankrig.	They're not going to build bridges in France.
Måske forstod han.	Maybe he understood.
Måske har han fået det.	Maybe he has got it.
Jeg laver i gennemsnit ti fejl om dagen.	I make an average of ten mistakes a day.
Faktisk vil jeg sige lige det modsatte.	In fact, I would say just the opposite.
Jeg ville ikke deltage i denne turnering, men de overtalte mig.	I didn't want to join this tournament, but they persuaded me.
Tom viste forfalskningen til os.	Tom showed the forgery to us.
Tom havde ikke mareridt.	Tom didn't have nightmares.
Han klarede vasketøjet.	He did the laundry.
Jeg griner stadig højt!	I'm still laughing out loud!
Undtagen i ferierne kan lærerne ikke rejse.	Except during the holidays, teachers cannot travel.
Dette hotel er bedre end det andet.	This hotel is better than that other one.
Kærlighed, hvad er det?	Love, what is that?
Det så ud til, at der ikke skete andet.	It seemed that nothing else happened.
På grund af utilstrækkeligt salg er mange butikker lukket.	Due to insufficient sales, many shops are closed.
Hun sagde, at jeg er dum.	She said that I am stupid.
Jeg læste mange oversættelser af hans romaner.	I read many translations of his novels.
Jeg burde lære tysk grammatik igen.	I should relearn German grammar.
Jeg har faktisk glemt alt.	I actually forgot everything.
Kan kvinderne lide en mand med skæg?	Do the women like a man with a beard?
Jeg tror, ​​at jeg altid vil elske dig.	I think that I will always love you.
Jeg var nødt til at svinge for at undgå at slå en hund.	I had to swerve to avoid hitting a dog.
Tom vil danse med Mary.	Tom wants to dance with Mary.
Jeg så ikke præcis, hvad der foregik.	I didn't see exactly what was going on.
Det vil Tom selv gøre.	Tom wants to do that himself.
Hvor mange mennesker sagde du var der?	How many people did you say were there?
Tom vil gøre det i aften.	Tom wants to do that tonight.
Jeg forstår dig godt.	I understand you quite well.
Jeg har aldrig besøgt Sydafrika.	I never visited South Africa.
Vi skal arbejde i Belgien.	We're going to work in Belgium.
Han skal i fængsel.	He has to go to jail.
Tom er i gangen, og han sover på sofaen.	Tom is in the hall and he's sleeping on the couch.
Kan de ikke kæmpe tilbage?	Can't they fight back?
Du gør det til en større sag, end det er.	You're making it a bigger deal than it is.
Kan du ikke lide kaffen?	Don't you like the coffee?
De er her alle sammen.	They are all here.
Han kan ikke lide at kysse.	He doesn't like kissing.
De er der alle sammen.	They are all there.
Åh tak.	Oh please.
Troede du virkelig, du ville være så heldig?	Did you really think you'd be that lucky?
Et lort som dig?	A piece of shit like you?
Jeg holdt op med at se dem.	I stopped seeing them.
Hvor mange mennesker sagde du, der var?	How many people did you say there were?
Tom vil gerne gøre det med mig.	Tom wants to do that with me.
Eksperter siger, at dette ikke altid er tilfældet.	Experts say this isn't always the case.
Tom vil gerne gøre det sammen med os.	Tom wants to do that with us.
Jair Bolsonaro har coronavirus.	Jair Bolsonaro has coronavirus.
Bed venligst for hans hurtige død.	Please pray for his swift death.
Eksperter siger, at det var en vanskelig proces.	Experts say it was a difficult process.
Tom sagde ikke, at han ville gøre det.	Tom didn't say he would do so.
Jeg arbejder i en salon.	I work at a salon.
Jeg har arbejdet her i 3 måneder.	I've been working here for 3 months.
Jeg har gjort arbejdet.	I've done the work.
Kritikere siger, at der kan være ukendte risici.	Critics say there may be unknown risks.
De er allerede vågne.	They are already awake.
Tom vil gerne gøre det for Mary.	Tom wants to do that for Mary.
Kritikere siger, at teknologien er uprøvet.	Critics say the technology is unproven.
Tom vil gerne gøre det med dig.	Tom wants to do that with you.
Der er stadig lidt mælk tilbage i flasken.	There's still some milk left in the bottle.
Hvilken anden slags musik kan du lide?	What other kinds of music do you like?
Tom hjalp Mary med at få et job her.	Tom helped Mary get a job here.
Vi sad ved bålet og varmede os.	We sat by the fire, warming ourselves.
Tom ønsker, at det skal ske igen.	Tom wants that to happen again.
Ja, den er sendt.	Yes, it's been sent.
De siger, at disse problemer kan løses.	They say these problems can be solved.
Tom vil bede Mary om hjælp.	Tom wants to ask Mary for help.
Der er ikke mad nok til alle.	There isn't enough food for everybody.
Tom vil gøre noget andet.	Tom wants to do something else.
Der er sikkerhedskameraer overalt.	There are security cameras everywhere.
Tom vil gøre det lige nu.	Tom wants to do that right now.
Verden er smuk.	The world is beautiful.
Sådanne eksempler er der mange af.	There are a lot of examples like that.
Tom vil gerne gøre det med Mary.	Tom wants to do that with Mary.
Baluch-folkets sprog	The language of Baluch people
Det problem er stadig ikke løst.	That problem still hasn't been solved.
Tom klarede sig godt i undersøgelsen.	Tom did well on the examination.
De forekommer ret ofte.	They occur quite often.
Nogle mennesker kunne ikke lide, hvad de så.	Some people didn't like what they saw.
Tom spiser frokost her ret ofte.	Tom eats lunch here quite often.
Jeg troede, det skulle være sjovt.	I thought it was supposed to be funny.
Vi kender de fleste naboer.	We know most of the neighbors.
Tom ville bede Mary om hjælp.	Tom wanted to ask Mary for help.
Søde drømme.	Sweet dreams.
Jeg bor i et ret barskt kvarter.	I live in a pretty rough neighborhood.
Tom vil købe noget andet.	Tom wants to buy something else.
Spis det ikke!	Don't eat it!
Jeg bor i et ret roligt kvarter.	I live in a pretty quiet neighborhood.
Tom vil gerne gøre det selv.	Tom wants to do that by himself.
Det er det mærkelige ved at tale sandt.	That's the curious part about speaking the truth.
Ingen tror på det.	No one does believe it.
Politiet i Australien rapporterer, at en lastbilchauffør i Queensland tirsdag formåede at afværge en giftig slange, han stødte på på forsædet af sit køretøj, da han kørte langs motorvejen med mere end 100 kilometer i timen.	Police in Australia report a truck driver in Queensland Tuesday managed to fend off a venomous snake he encountered in the front seat of his vehicle as he drove along the highway at more than 100 kilometers per hour.
I deres rapport siger politiet, at den 27-årige chauffør - kun kendt som Jimmy - kørte 123 kilometer i timen.	In their report, police say the 27-year-old driver – known only as Jimmy – was driving 123 kilometers per hour.
Han brugte en sikkerhedssele og en kniv til at bekæmpe den vrede brune slange.	He used a seat belt and a knife to fight off the angry brown snake.
Slangen begyndte at vikle sig om hans ben.	The snake began wrapping itself around his leg.
Politiet fandt slangen død bagerst i lastbilen og bekræftede, at det var en østlig brun, meget giftig og en af ​​de mest dødbringende slanger i verden.	Police found the snake dead in the back of the truck and confirmed it was an eastern brown, highly venomous and one of the deadliest snakes in the world.
Femten millioner amerikanere besøger Europa hvert år.	Fifteen million Americans visit Europe each year.
Citroner er den typiske frugt fra Italiens Amalfi-kyst.	Lemons are the typical fruit of Italy's Amalfi Coast.
Fysikerne, der arbejder på CERN, leder efter ting som antistof og mørkt stof, og hvordan universet fungerer.	The physicists working at CERN are looking for things like antimatter and dark matter and how the universe works.
Ingen selfies vil være tilladt foran Leonardo da Vincis mesterværk.	No selfies will be allowed in front of Leonardo da Vinci's masterpiece.
Ingen selfies vil være tilladt foran Mona Lisa.	No selfies will be allowed in front of the Mona Lisa.
Hvad synes du er galt med det?	What do you think is wrong with that?
Tom vil gerne gøre det på egen hånd.	Tom wants to do that on his own.
Hvad vil dette føre til?	What is this going to lead to?
Du har kun én idé i dit hoved.	You've only got one idea in your head.
Dagen forløb behageligt.	The day passed pleasantly.
Jeg er glad for at se, at du er i stand til at lære.	I am glad to see that you are capable of learning.
Siden var perforeret, så den nemt kunne rives af.	The page was perforated so that it could be easily torn off.
Der er ikke mad nok til alle.	There isn't enough food for everyone.
Tom vil spise noget andet.	Tom wants to eat something else.
Beviset er intuitivt.	The proof is intuitive.
Mange insekter dør om vinteren, fordi det er for koldt til, at de kan overleve.	Many insects die off in the winter because it is too cold for them to survive.
Fluer bliver ofre for edderkoppens spind.	Flies fall prey to the spider's web.
Jeg venter på, at isen skal tø op.	I'm waiting for the ice cream to thaw.
Det er fastfrosset.	It's frozen solid.
Jeg er glad for at høre, at du indrømmer en fejl.	I am happy to hear that you admit a mistake.
Denne kornblanding har en dejlig crunch til sig.	This cereal has a nice crunch to it.
Jeg er det stik modsatte af min bror.	I'm the exact opposite of my brother.
Hvordan er Toms ranch egentlig?	What is Tom's ranch really like?
Jeg brugte hele morgenen på at gøre mit værelse rent.	I spent all morning cleaning my room.
Jeg købte, hvad Tom sagde, jeg skulle købe.	I bought what Tom told me to buy.
Jeg trak nøglen ud af tændingen.	I pulled the key out of the ignition.
Tom fortalte Mary alt om sin rejse.	Tom told Mary all about his trip.
Jeg har aldrig været i Amerika.	I've never been to America.
Jeg hørte latter fra det andet rum.	I heard laughter from the other room.
Tom vil bede Mary om at gøre det.	Tom wants to ask Mary to do that.
Jeg aner ikke, hvilken retning jeg skal gå.	I have no idea which direction to go.
Tom vil gerne blive skovhugger.	Tom wants to become a lumberjack.
Jeg kom ned og gemte mig i det høje græs.	I got down and hid in the tall grass.
Tom vil gerne gøre det efter frokost.	Tom wants to do that after lunch.
Jeg klædte mig ud til Halloween-festen.	I dressed up for the Halloween party.
Tom vil gøre det på en anden måde.	Tom wants to do that another way.
Jeg væltede ved et uheld vasen.	I accidentally knocked over the vase.
Jeg købte det, Tom bad mig købe.	I bought what Tom asked me to buy.
Virksomheder siger, at reklamer er nyttige.	Companies say advertising is helpful.
Tom sagde, du lød som en robot.	Tom said you sounded like a robot.
I tror alle, jeg er slikket, ikke?	You all think I'm licked, don't you?
Tom ville bede Mary om at gøre det.	Tom wanted to ask Mary to do that.
Vi fandt aldrig ud af, hvem den mand var.	We never found out who that man was.
Tom vil bede Mary om at hjælpe ham.	Tom wants to ask Mary to help him.
Det skulle være sjovt.	It was supposed to be funny.
Tingene bliver aldrig det samme igen.	Things will never be the same again.
Tom vil gøre det i morges.	Tom wants to do that this morning.
Det er ikke ualmindeligt at sige.	That's not an uncommon thing to say.
Tom vil drikke noget andet.	Tom wants to drink something else.
Må jeg tænke over det et øjeblik?	May I think about that for a moment?
Kan du ikke lide kaffe?	Don't you like coffee?
Tom bekymrer sig ikke om andre end sig selv.	Tom cares about no one but himself.
Ingen forstår hende.	Nobody understands her.
Ingen forstår ham.	Nobody understands him.
Jeg vil gerne tale med en advokat.	I would like to speak to a lawyer.
Jeg vil gerne tale med en advokat.	I'd like to speak to a lawyer.
Jeg har lige afsluttet rapporten.	I've just finished the report.
Jeg indså, at der var noget galt.	I realized that something was wrong.
Tom sagde ikke, at han ville gøre det.	Tom didn't say that he would do so.
Tom bad om at tale med manageren.	Tom asked to speak to the manager.
Mary bad om at tale med lederen.	Mary asked to speak to the manager.
Karen forlangte at tale med manageren.	Karen demanded to speak to the manager.
Karen forlangte at tale med manageren lige nu.	Karen demanded to speak to the manager this instant.
Jeg indså, at noget var meget galt.	I realized something was very wrong.
Tom lavede grøntsagssuppe i går aftes.	Tom made vegetable soup last night.
Jeg præsenterede mig selv for den fremmede.	I introduced myself to the stranger.
Tom ville bede Mary om at hjælpe ham.	Tom wanted to ask Mary to help him.
Jeg hørte nogen banke på døren.	I heard someone banging on the door.
Tom ønsker at blive udnævnt til formand.	Tom wants to be appointed chairman.
Jeg hørte en høj lyd på balkonen.	I heard a loud noise on the balcony.
Jeg ved ikke, hvad der skal gøres.	I don't know what is to be done.
Jeg kender personen på billedet.	I know the person in the picture.
Dette hus er fem hundrede år gammelt.	This house is five hundred years old.
Jeg købte Tom, hvad han sagde, han havde brug for.	I bought Tom what he said he needed.
Du har hovedpine, fordi du er liderlig som fanden.	You have a headache because you're horny as fuck.
Vores dagens suppe er øl.	Our soup of the day is beer.
Jeg har ikke haft det så godt i et stykke tid.	I haven't felt this good in a while.
Jeg købte Tom, hvad han sagde, han ville have.	I bought Tom what he said he wanted.
Toms yndlingsfugl er en kookaburra.	Tom's favourite bird is a kookaburra.
Passering er forbudt her.	Passing is prohibited here.
De vil ikke overhale mig.	They won't overtake me.
Ligeledes er forbikørsel forbudt på broer.	Likewise, passing is prohibited on bridges.
Han passerede mig til højre.	He passed me on the right.
Det kan vi bekræfte.	We can confirm this.
Hvorfor ved du det ikke?	How come you don't know?
Jeg har ikke tænkt mig at sælge den.	I have no intention of selling it.
Tusind tak for det smukke kort.	Thank you very much for the beautiful card.
Jeg har intet imod de mennesker.	I have nothing against those people.
Han afpresser hende.	He's blackmailing her.
Han gav hende sit kreditkort.	He gave her his credit card.
Tom samlede sine ting og gik.	Tom gathered up his things and left.
Hvad gør han ved hende?	What's he doing to her?
Hun og jeg vil gerne være venner.	She and I want to be friends.
Hvorfor ville han afpresse hende?	Why would he be blackmailing her?
Tom spurgte Mary, om hun kendte Johns nye adresse.	Tom asked Mary if she knew John's new address.
Hvad er "tak" på berberisk?	What's 'thank you' in Berber?
Jeg er glad for at se, at du er i stand til at lære.	I'm glad to see you're capable of learning.
Jeg havde ingen idé om, hvilken retning jeg skulle gå.	I had no idea which direction to go.
Tom bliver vred, hvis han bliver modsagt.	Tom gets angry if he's contradicted.
Det er sidste gang jeg låner dig min bil.	This is the last time I lend you my car.
Tom gik ind i bygningen, selvom han havde fået besked på at lade være.	Tom went into the building even though he'd been told not to.
Tom kom ind på lærerværelset, selvom eleverne ikke skulle.	Tom entered the teachers' room even though students weren't supposed to.
Tag den forfærdelige ting ud af dit øre.	Take that digusting thing out of your ear.
"Hvad er det?"	"What's that?"
"Det er en pistol."	"It's a gun."
"Giv den her!"	"Give it here!"
Babyen er ved at blive blå.	The baby is turning blue.
Ring til en ambulance!	Call an ambulance!
Jeg ringede til myndighederne med det samme.	I called the authorities right away.
"Jeg vil aldrig gifte mig."	"I'll never marry."
"Jeg vil heller aldrig gifte mig."	"I'll never marry either."
Tom lærte at gøre det på samme måde.	Tom learned to do that the same way.
Hvis jeg ikke gifter mig med dig, gifter jeg mig aldrig.	If I don't marry you, I'll never marry.
Hvis du dræber, finder jeg dig.	If you kill, I'll find you.
Computeren virker muligvis ikke.	The computer might not work.
Barnet vil ikke sove.	The child doesn't want to sleep.
De tog til byggepladsen på trods af, at det var forbudt.	They went to the construction site despite the fact that it was prohibited.
"Jeg tror aldrig, jeg bliver gift."	"I don't think I'll ever get married."
"Det tror jeg heller ikke, jeg vil."	"I don't think I will either."
Må jeg venligst bruge dit toilet?	Can I please use your restroom?
Du og jeg har nogle fælles venner.	You and I have some mutual friends.
Tom sagde, at han havde været i Boston før.	Tom said he'd been to Boston before.
Nej, det ser du måske ikke.	No, you may not see that.
Jeg bruger kun mit klimaanlæg på de varmeste dage om sommeren.	I only use my air conditioning during the hottest days in summer.
Vi fortsatte med at gå et stykke tid.	We continued walking for some time.
Tom blev tilbage med nogle venner.	Tom stayed behind with some friends.
Gul er en primær farve af pigmenter, men ikke af lys; de er kun røde, grønne og blå.	Yellow is a primary colour of pigments, but not of light; those are only red, green, and blue.
Han spændte sit bælt.	He buckled his belt.
Jeg var nødt til at købe en separat adapter for at bruge headsettet med min nyeste telefon.	I had to buy a separate adapter to use the headset with my newest phone.
Maria forsvandt sporløst.	Maria disappeared without a trace.
Måske har de kidnappet hende.	Maybe they kidnapped her.
Jeg tror, ​​det er et tegn på kærlighed.	I think that that is a sign of love.
Jeg får brug for hendes hjælp.	I will need her help.
Jeg havde aldrig set en indigo-spurv, før jeg flyttede hertil.	I had never seen an indigo bunting until I moved here.
Hvorfor tog du ikke din paraply med?	Why didn't you bring your umbrella?
Jeg løb stadig ikke.	I still did not run.
Hun viste sin baby til gæsten.	She showed her baby to the guest.
Jeg er for ung til at dø!	I am too young to die!
Hvis du har en teenagersøn eller -datter, skal du læse den!	If you have a teenager son or daughter, you must read it!
Den første halvdel af filmen var fængslende, men slutningen var antiklimaktisk.	The first half of the movie was captivating, but the ending was anticlimactic.
Han kom ofte her til en snak om søndagen.	He would often come here for a chat on Sundays.
Var mine spørgsmål svære?	Were my questions difficult?
Om søndagen kom han ofte her for en chinwag.	On Sundays, he would often come here for a chinwag.
Du var i lufthavnen for at sige farvel til ham.	You were at the airport to say goodbye to him.
Gå ikke på arbejde som lærer i Uganda.	Don't go work as a teacher in Uganda.
Skal de til Kina for at bygge kirkegårde?	Are they going in China to build cemeteries?
Han virkede forfærdeligt cagey, da jeg spurgte ham, hvad han skulle bruge de ekstra forsyninger til.	He seemed awfully cagey when I asked him what he needed the additional supplies for.
Er han en bundføder?	Is he a bottom-feeder?
Hendes forældre er amerikanere, men hun er brasilianer.	Her parents are Americans, but she is a Brazilian.
Er han opportunist?	Is he an opportunist?
Du behøver ikke følge Tom.	You don't have to follow Tom.
De fleste programmører rynker på næsen af ​​den tilgang, fordi den ikke skalerer godt.	Most programmers frown upon that approach because it doesn't scale well.
Du behøver ikke følge Tom.	You don't need to follow Tom.
Husk at bruge pestosaucen til pastaen i dag.	Remember to use the pesto sauce for the pasta today.
Du plejede at stå op.	You used to stand up.
Mine forældre kunne virkelig godt lide dig.	My parents really liked you.
Så skifter vi igen!	Here we go changing again!
Tak for jeres hjælp gutter!	Thanks for your help guys!
Enhver fornærmelse fører til døden.	Any insult leads to death.
Har du overvejet at købe et nyt brusehoved?	Have you considered buying a new showerhead?
Hvilken nationalitet var dine kvindelige venner?	What nationality were your female friends?
fransk.	French.
Det vidneudsagn kunne måske hjælpe med at dømme ham, men det ville ikke være tilladt i retten.	That testimony might help convict him, but it would not be admissible in court.
Pilewort udviser stor fænotypisk plasticitet, dens størrelse og vækstvaner varierer voldsomt på forskellige steder.	Pilewort exhibits great phenotypic plasticity, its size and growth habit varying wildly on different sites.
Det ville være en god måde at sige det på.	That would be a good way to say it.
I modsætning til Virginia creeper kan træbine ikke klatre på glatte vægge, fordi dens ranker mangler klæbende skiver.	Unlike Virginia creeper, woodbine cannot climb smooth walls because its tendrils lack adhesive discs.
Mon ikke vi kan redesigne kommentarsystemet, så det lægger en dæmper på al negativiteten.	I wonder if we can redesign the comment system so as to put a damper on all the negativity.
Tom vil have, at folk skal vide det.	Tom wants people to know about that.
Foma har ikke hørt denne sang endnu.	Foma hasn't heard this song yet.
Der er en stor plet af bynke langs bagsiden af ​​parkeringspladsen.	There is a large patch of mugwort along the back side of the parking lot.
En af mine venner fortalte mig, at hvis du drikker bynke-te, før du går i seng, får du interessante drømme.	One of my friends told me that if you drink mugwort tea before going to bed, it makes you have interesting dreams.
Jeg synes, at bynke er virkelig svær at kontrollere på grund af dens tendens til at spire kraftigt ud af jordstængler.	I find mugwort really difficult to control because of its tendency to resprout vigorously from rhizomes.
Hvid vervain forveksles nogle gange med brændenælder, men dens blomsterstand er fuldstændig uens.	White vervain is sometimes confused with nettles, but its inflorescence is completely dissimilar.
Det er ikke altid let at skelne japansk og kinesisk fra hinanden.	It's not always easy to tell Japanese and Chinese apart.
Jeg glæder mig til ferien.	I'm looking forward to the holiday.
Foma er min storebror.	Foma is my older brother.
Tom vil have det samme som Mary ønsker.	Tom wants the same thing Mary wants.
Han sidder på gulvet og leger med sit legetøj.	He's sitting on the floor and playing with his toys.
Jeg vil ikke sige, at det er den bedste.	I wouldn't say that's the best one.
Tom vil spise italiensk mad i dag.	Tom wants to eat Italian food today.
Hun studerede i fem et halvt år.	She studied for five and a half years.
Jeg følger ikke altid færdselsreglerne.	I don't always follow traffic regulations.
Det er en flot udsigt over floden.	It's a nice view on the river.
Jeg vænnede mig til sidst til lugten.	I eventually got used to the smell.
Tom vil spise på den restaurant.	Tom wants to eat at that restaurant.
Jeg kan virkelig godt lide at studere fremmedsprog.	I really like to study foreign languages.
Jeg er stolt af at have hende som ven.	I'm proud to have her as a friend.
Du er så meget yndig.	You're so very adorable.
De diskuterede planerne for festen.	They were discussing the plans for the party.
Virkeligheden er det sjoveste i verden.	Reality is the funniest thing in the world.
Jeg vænnede mig til sidst til støjen.	I eventually got used to the noise.
Jeg købte Tom, hvad jeg lovede at købe.	I bought Tom what I promised I'd buy.
Jeg tror ikke, der er liv på Mars.	I don't think there's life on Mars.
Tom sagde ikke, hvor meget der var for meget.	Tom didn't say how much was too much.
Enkeltbetalende sundhedsydelser er nødvendige, så ingen er afhængige af en virksomhed, der beslutter sig for ikke at dække deres sundhedsydelser af "religiøse" årsager.	Single-payer healthcare is necessary so that no one is dependent on a company that decides not to cover their healthcare for "religious" reasons.
Jeg samlede mine ejendele og gik.	I collected my belongings and left.
Tom fulgte reglerne til punkt og prikke.	Tom followed the rules to the letter.
PDF'en er søgbar.	The PDF is searchable.
Kun de engelske dele af PDF'en er desværre søgbare.	Only the English parts of the PDF are searchable, unfortunately.
Jeg klatrede over hegnet for at flygte.	I climbed over the fence to escape.
Tom sendte mig noget fra Australien.	Tom sent me something from Australia.
Et sprog er et stort land, og de muligheder, det giver en rejsende, er lige så omfattende, som de er rigelige.	A language is a vast country, and the possibilities it offers to a traveler are as extensive as they are abundant.
Tak til alle, der er her!	Thanks to everyone who's here!
Jeg lavede det bare på grund af dig.	I made it just because of you.
hvem sagde til dig at skille musen ad?	who told you to disassemble the mouse?
Hvilken nationalitet var vores fætre?	What nationality were our cousins?
irsk.	Irish.
Hvor kan vi købe chilipeber?	Where can we buy chilli peppers?
Skal vi ikke undervise i Lettonia?	Aren't we going to teach in Lettonia?
Jeg tror, ​​vi rejser på arbejde i Island.	I think we're travelling for work in Iceland.
Jeg har bare altid travlt.	I'm just always busy.
Jeg vil prøve at falde i søvn med håbet om at drømme om dig.	I'll try to fall asleep with the hope of dreaming of you.
Venligst, glem ikke at tage den medicin to gange om dagen, morgen og aften.	Please, don't forget to take that medication twice a day, morning and night.
Nogle af mine venner bor i udlandet.	Some of my friends live abroad.
Nogle af mine venner er i udlandet.	Some of my friends are abroad.
Det blev en mentor.	It became a mentor.
Jeg tror, ​​at alt dette er løgn.	I think all of this is a lie.
Vær ikke bange, jeg fortæller det ikke til politiet.	Don't be afraid, I won't tell the police.
Har vi ikke litteraturtime på torsdag?	Don't we have literature class on Thursday?
Jeg købte grøntsager og noget frugt.	I bought vegetables and some fruit.
Hvor mange job kan lærere udføre?	How many jobs can teachers do?
Hvilken joker!	What a joker!
Hvilken tulle!	What a buffoon!
Han kan tage lange skridt.	He might take long steps.
Tom viste mig vejen til stationen.	Tom showed me the way to the station.
Jeg købte noget nyt kameraudstyr.	I bought some new camera equipment.
Tom vil have de samme ting som Mary ønsker.	Tom wants the same things Mary wants.
Det ser ud til, at manden aldrig er tilfreds med noget.	It seems that the man is never satisfied with anything.
Læger siger, at dette er en alvorlig risiko.	Doctors say this is a serious risk.
Jeg er ikke bange for, at jeg skal være død en dag, for det er ikke noget nyt for mig.	I am not afraid that I will be dead someday, because this is nothing new to me.
Jeg var død før - før jeg blev undfanget.	I was dead before – before I was conceived.
Tom blev vred over, hvad Mary sagde.	Tom was infuriated by what Mary said.
Tom vidste ikke, at Mary var i klubben.	Tom didn't know Mary was in the club.
Dejligt at se dig!	Nice to see you!
Kan du se forskel på disse to malerier?	Can you tell the difference between these two paintings?
Hvordan er en typisk dag for dig?	What's a typical day like for you?
Tom kunne ikke lide nogen af ​​valgene.	Tom didn't like either of the choices.
Denne taske er meget tung	This bag is very heavy
Jeg hakkede kikærter.	I chopped chickpea.
Vejret er godt i dag	Weather is nice today
Har du brugt mit kamera?	Have you used my camera?
Jeg er ikke rig	I am not Rich
Jeg håber, jeg på en eller anden måde får enderne til at mødes.	I hope I somehow make ends meet.
Se, der er min ven	Look, there's my friend
Det nytter ikke at tale med ham.	There's no point in talking to him.
Jeg tager en flaske vin med.	I'll bring a bottle of wine.
Bekræft venligst modtagelsen.	Please confirm the receipt.
Der er mad nok til alle.	There's enough food for everybody.
Tom kunne ikke lide nogen af ​​mulighederne.	Tom didn't like either of the options.
De stod ansigt til ansigt.	They were standing face to face.
Mange af disse mennesker er hjemløse.	Many of these people are homeless.
Tom kommer ikke overens med sin far.	Tom doesn't get along with his father.
Lad os gøre det, som vi gjorde i går.	Let's do it like we did yesterday.
Tom spiser frokost her fra tid til anden.	Tom eats lunch here from time to time.
Jeg er aldrig faldet i søvn i klassen.	I've never fallen asleep in class.
Tom har en stor familie at forsørge.	Tom has a large family to provide for.
En løgner skal have en god hukommelse.	A liar has to have a good memory.
En løgner skal have en god hukommelse.	A liar needs to have a good memory.
Jeg lagde mærke til dækspor i sneen.	I noticed tire tracks in the snow.
Tom har undervist i musik i tredive år.	Tom has taught music for thirty years.
Til sidst vænnede jeg mig til kulden.	I eventually got used to the cold.
Tom er større end alle de andre drenge.	Tom is bigger than all the other boys.
Jeg ser Tom hver weekend.	I see Tom every weekend.
Det forstod jeg ikke først.	I didn't understand that at first.
Jeg har tre ugers ferie.	I have three weeks of vacation.
Tom er federe end alle de andre drenge.	Tom is fatter than all the other boys.
Stop med at klovne rundt!	Stop clowning around!
Hvem var vestgoterne?	Who were the Visigoths?
Det er en gammel vestgotisk tekst.	It's an old Visigoth text.
Næste dag gik langsomt.	The next day passed slowly.
At gå er billigt.	Walking is cheap.
Hvordan kunne du være så ond!	How could you be so mean!
Jeg kunne ikke finde mine sko nogen steder.	I couldn't find my shoes anywhere.
Tom er i boghandlen og køber bøger.	Tom is in the bookstore, buying books.
Jeg jagede hunden ud af butikken.	I chased the dog out of the store.
Tom er højere end alle de andre drenge.	Tom is taller than all the other boys.
Jeg undskyldte for at gøre, hvad jeg gjorde.	I apologized for doing what I did.
Tom er stolt af sin punktlighed.	Tom prides himself on his punctuality.
Eksperter siger, at dette kan forhindres.	Experts say this can be prevented.
Tom sagde, at han ikke kunne lide begge valg.	Tom said he didn't like either choice.
Der er mad nok til alle.	There's enough food for everyone.
Tom ønskede det samme som Mary ønskede.	Tom wanted the same thing Mary wanted.
Nogle mennesker finder mig skræmmende.	Some people find me intimidating.
Tom vil altid have det sidste ord.	Tom always wants to have the last word.
Slaver blev behandlet som dyr.	Slaves were treated like animals.
Tom spurgte mig, om jeg vidste, hvordan man syr.	Tom asked me whether I knew how to sew.
Jeg åbnede døren i passagersiden.	I opened the passenger side door.
Tom tabte sin sandwich på jorden.	Tom dropped his sandwich on the ground.
Jeg bor i et relativt sikkert område.	I live in a relatively safe area.
Tom er klogere end alle de andre drenge.	Tom is smarter than all the other boys.
En fold er ikke en græsgang, hvor heste kan græsse; snarere er det en indhegning, der er velegnet som arena for hestetræning og motion.	A paddock is not a pasture in which horses can graze; rather, it is an enclosure suitable as an arena for horse training and exercise.
Jeg forlod butikken og tog hjem.	I left the store and headed home.
Tom ønskede de samme ting som Mary ønskede.	Tom wanted the same things Mary wanted.
Tom tæller dagene.	Tom is counting the days.
Jeg arvede min fars ejendom.	I inherited my father's property.
Tom vil gerne blive bedt om at gøre det igen.	Tom wants to be asked to do that again.
Jeg følte, at vi skulle dø.	I felt that we were going to die.
Tom vil lave sit hjemmearbejde lige nu.	Tom wants to do his homework right now.
Jeg har dansk statsborgerskab.	I have Danish nationality.
Jeg ved ikke, hvem der stjal min guitar.	I don't know who stole my guitar.
Tom ønsker at gøre det lige så meget som dig.	Tom wants to do that as much as you do.
Tom lovede at hjælpe, men det gjorde han ikke.	Tom promised to help, but he didn't.
Ingen åbnede døren.	Nobody opened the door.
Bliv snart rask, knægt!	Get well soon, kid!
Det er borgerkrig.	That's civil war.
Er ånden i det forkert?	Is the spirit of it wrong?
Hvor har jeg set dig før?	Where have I seen you before?
Lad os bare lade ham være!	Let's just leave him alone!
Peter er inde i huset.	Peter is inside the house.
Det er koldt derovre!	It's cold over there!
Det er vores spisesale!	These are our dining halls!
Det er vores cafeterier!	These are our cafeterias!
Jeg har ikke råd til at købe den skjorte.	I can't afford to buy that shirt.
Jeg købte alt, hvad Tom bad mig købe.	I bought everything Tom asked me to buy.
Jeg venter spændt på i morgen, da jeg vil begynde at rejse til Asien.	I'm eagerly awaiting tomorrow, as I'll begin travelling to Asia.
Tom ville ikke have, at hans kuffert var tung, så han var forsigtig med ikke at pakke for meget.	Tom didn't want his suitcase to be heavy, so he was careful not to pack too much.
Synes du, det er en god idé?	Do you think this is a good idea?
Tom passede min hund i tre uger.	Tom looked after my dog for three weeks.
Mary er ikke gift.	Mary isn't married.
Hvorfor er du her så tidligt i dag?	Why are you here so early today?
Tom læste brevet igen og igen.	Tom read the letter over and over again.
Hvad mener den gennemsnitlige Joe?	What does the average Joe think?
Tom ønsker, at det samme skal ske her.	Tom wants the same thing to happen here.
Vi skal se på sagen.	We need to look into the matter.
Tom lånte tre hundrede dollars af mig.	Tom borrowed three hundred bucks from me.
Vi gik i teatret.	We went to the theatre.
Vi var i teatret.	We were at the theatre.
Vi skal hurtigt ud af byen.	We need to get out of town fast.
Tom blev forelsket i en meget ældre kvinde.	Tom fell in love with a much older woman.
De lignede kæmpe monstre.	They looked like giant monsters.
Tom har fået et rigtig godt job.	Tom has landed himself a really good job.
Det er ikke lige derfor, jeg er her.	That isn't exactly why I'm here.
Tom er ikke god til at træffe hurtige beslutninger.	Tom isn't good at making quick decisions.
Forskere siger, at dette ikke er sandt.	Researchers say this isn't true.
Tom sagde, at han havde været i Boston før.	Tom said that he'd been to Boston before.
At tildele dig en vanskelig opgave uden ressourcer til at udføre den, sætter dig bare klar til fiasko.	Assigning you a difficult task without the resources to accomplish it is just setting you up for failure.
Mange arbejdsgivere ville ikke gøre det.	Many employers wouldn't do that.
Tom bruger sin fritid på at lave fløjter.	Tom spends his free time making whistles.
Lot var en Guds profet.	Lot was a prophet of God.
Jeg har besluttet at ringe til politiet.	I've decided to call the police.
Tom ønsker, at det samme skal ske igen.	Tom wants the same thing to happen again.
Køb to beholdere mælk.	Buy two containers of milk.
Vi skal lave en kage.	We're going to make a cake.
Mennesker med en given hudfarve danner ikke en genetisk klade.	People with a given skin color do not form a genetic clade.
En hudfarve er ikke en slægt.	A skin color is not a lineage.
Jeg havde aldrig set en vaskebjørn før.	I'd never seen a raccoon before.
Tom vil købe en fødselsdagsgave til Mary.	Tom wants to buy Mary a birthday present.
Jeg tror, ​​at alle er bange.	I think that everyone is scared.
Fuglene spiste brødkrummerne.	The birds ate the bread crumbs.
Tom blev beordret til at gå, men han nægtede.	Tom was ordered to leave, but he refused.
Thomas er ikke professionel.	Thomas isn't a professional.
Sir, dette er et offentligt sted.	Sir, this is a public place.
Jeg bliver nødt til at bede dig holde det nede.	I'm going to have to ask you to keep it down.
Frue, dette er et offentligt sted.	Ma'am, this is a public place.
Jeg bliver nødt til at bede dig holde det nede.	I'm going to have to ask you to keep it down.
Tom is a rent-a-cop.	Tom is a rent-a-cop.
Tom's a rent-a-cop.	Tom's a rent-a-cop.
Tom er betjent i et indkøbscenter.	Tom's a mall cop.
Tom er en indkøbsbetjent.	Tom is a mall cop.
Tom er betjent.	Tom's a cop.
Tal ikke med ham.	Don't talk to him.
Tom er en gris.	Tom's a pig.
Jeg så ham køre rundt i sin politibil.	I saw him driving around in his cop car.
Tom sendte sin sandwich tilbage.	Tom sent his sandwich back.
Jeg bor i udkanten af ​​byen.	I live on the outskirts of town.
Vinderen får tre hundrede dollars.	The winner will get three hundred dollars.
Æblet falder fra træet.	The apple is falling from the tree.
Er der et apotek i nærheden?	Is there a pharmacy near here?
Jeg aner ikke hvem den mand var.	I have no idea who that man was.
Tom bad mig vække ham til morgenmad.	Tom asked me to wake him up for breakfast.
Tom har ikke gjort et godt stykke arbejde.	Tom hasn't done a good job.
Jeg endte med at sove i stalden.	I ended up sleeping in the barn.
Han er i lufthavnen.	He's at the airport.
Tom ved ikke meget om Marys familie.	Tom doesn't know much about Mary's family.
Bilen er udstyret med talrige ekstraudstyr.	The car is equipped with numerous optional accessories.
Killinger elsker at putte.	Kittens love to cuddle.
Killinger er bløde og luftige.	Kittens are soft and fluffy.
Killinger er meget legesyge.	Kittens are very playful.
Hun kommer ofte over til mig.	She often comes over to my place.
Jeg ved ikke, hvem der tog min guitar.	I don't know who took my guitar.
Jeg har meget travlt	I am very busy
Har du brug for noget at drikke?	Do you need something to drink ?
Tom driver virksomheden sammen med sine tre sønner.	Tom runs the business with his three sons.
Tjekkiske jernbaner har brug for bedre sikkerhed, så jernbaneulykker med tragiske konsekvenser kan forebygges.	Czech railways need better security so that rail accidents with tragic consequences can be prevented.
Vi burde gå i gang med den kælder.	We should get started on that basement.
En ansigtsdækning er påkrævet.	A face covering is required.
Amerika er dybt syg.	America is deeply sick.
Togføreren ventede ikke på, at det modkørende tog skulle passere.	The train driver didn't wait for the oncoming train to pass by.
Jeg vidste ikke, at det var muligt at være mere sløv, end jeg var for fire år siden.	I didn't know it was possible to be more jaded than I was four years ago.
Jeg ved ikke, hvem der stjal min telefon.	I don't know who stole my phone.
Skal folk være bange for at rejse med tog?	Should people be afraid of traveling by train?
Tom spurgte mig, om jeg vidste, hvordan man gør det.	Tom asked me whether I knew how to do that.
Togkollisionen fik tragiske konsekvenser.	The train collision had tragic consequences.
De er ligeglade med passagerernes sikkerhed.	They don't care about the safety of passengers.
Denne jernbane er ikke udstyret med noget sikkerhedssystem.	This railroad isn't equipped with any security system.
Jeg ringede straks til politiet.	I called the police immediately.
Tom vidste ikke, hvordan han skulle ændre sin adgangskode.	Tom didn't know how to change his password.
Prøv at undgå at komme med generelle udtalelser.	Try to avoid making blanket statements.
Den amerikanske bøg er blandt de mest skygge-tolerante hårdttræer i det østlige Nordamerika.	The American beech is among the most shade-tolerant hardwoods of eastern North America.
Lad for guds skyld manden være i fred.	For Christ's sake, leave the man alone.
Trafikdæmpning er mere effektiv til at forbedre sikkerheden end blot at udskrive billet til speedere.	Traffic calming is more effective at improving safety than merely ticketing speeders.
Byen har fremmet udvikling med blandet anvendelse som en måde at øge gangbarheden på.	The city has been promoting mixed-use development as a way of increasing walkability.
Folinsyren, der bruges i berigede fødevarer, udgør større sundhedsrisici end naturligt forekommende folater.	The folic acid used in fortified foods poses greater health risks than naturally occurring folates.
Vi har mange gulknuser her om vinteren.	We have a lot of yellow-rumped warblers here in winter.
Warp-nacellerne på Starship Enterprise er inspireret af lignende motorhuse på faktiske fly.	The warp nacelles on the Starship Enterprise are inspired by similar engine housings on actual aircraft.
Den europæiske gældskrise fik nogle til at stille spørgsmålstegn ved euroens status som en hård valuta.	The European debt crisis led some to question the status of the Euro as a hard currency.
Ingen indsendelser vil blive accepteret efter 1. juni cutoff.	No submissions will be accepted after the June 1st cutoff.
Programmet tillader fradrag før skat af omkostningerne ved et månedligt transitkort.	The program allows pre-tax deduction of the cost of a monthly transit pass.
Selvom kinematografien var veludført, var lydeffekterne amatøragtige.	Although the cinematography was well-executed, the sound effects were amateurish.
Hvor mange sagde du var der?	How many did you say were there?
Hættekragen er umiskendelig med sine skiftende pletter af sort og grå.	The hooded crow is unmistakeable with its alternating splotches of black and gray.
Hun pressede stoffet så hårdt, jeg svor, at hun må få en form for tilbageslag.	She was pushing the drug so hard, I swore she must be getting some kind of kickback.
Tom har tre sønner, der er blevet advokater.	Tom has three sons who have become lawyers.
Tygge på fennikelfrø kan holde din ånde frisk.	Chewing on fennel seeds can keep your breath fresh.
De fleste engelske dialekter mangler uvulære konsonanter.	Most English dialects lack uvular consonants.
Pothos har brug for lidt lys og kan nemt dyrkes i et nordvendt vindue.	Pothos needs little light and can be easily grown in a north-facing window.
Hvor mange sagde du, at der var?	How many did you say there were?
Tom så ud som om han ville starte en kamp.	Tom looked like he wanted to start a fight.
Jeg tager ansvar for min fejl.	I take accountability for my mistake.
Jeg er ikke interesseret, men tak.	I am not interested, but thank you.
Hvordan kunne dine elever lide det?	How did your students like that?
Tom ejer et meget værdifuldt stykke ejendom.	Tom owns a very valuable piece of property.
Jeg er ikke interesseret; undskyld.	I'm not interested; sorry.
Eksperter siger, at det stadig er muligt.	Experts say it's still possible.
Vi skal ikke tale ondt om de døde.	We shouldn't speak ill of the dead.
Tom ønsker at gøre det lige så meget som Mary gør.	Tom wants to do that as badly as Mary does.
Hvorfor er killinger så søde?	Why are kittens so cute?
Vil du have et andet eksempel?	Would you like another example?
Tom vil gerne gøre det, og jeg bebrejder ham ikke.	Tom wants to do that, and I don't blame him.
Had formildes faktisk aldrig af had i denne verden.	Hatred is, indeed, never appeased by hatred in this world.
Den formildes af kærlig venlighed.	It is appeased by loving-kindness.
Dette er en gammel lov.	This is an ancient law.
Jeg har ændret holdning til det.	I've changed my stance on that.
Tag alt med måde, især mådehold.	Take everything in moderation, especially moderation.
Tom arbejdede for vores virksomhed i tredive år.	Tom worked for our company for thirty years.
Ruslands våbenskjold er meget smukt.	The coat of arms of Russia is very beautiful.
Jeg sparer op til en ny guitar.	I'm saving up for a new guitar.
Jeg købte alt det, Tom bad mig købe.	I bought everything that Tom asked me to buy.
Jeg satte mig tilbage ved min computer.	I sat back down at my computer.
Slangen begyndte at vikle sig om Toms ben.	The snake began wrapping itself around Tom's leg.
Tom kan måske ikke lide det, vi planlægger at gøre.	Tom might not like what we're planning to do.
Slangen begyndte at vikle sig om hendes ben.	The snake began wrapping itself around her leg.
Slangen viklede sig om Toms ben.	The snake wrapped itself around Tom's leg.
Slangen viklede sig om hans ben.	The snake wrapped itself around his leg.
Slangen viklede sig om hendes ben.	The snake wrapped itself around her leg.
Poolvandet er koldt.	The pool water is cold.
Hvad hvis nogen ser os sammen?	What if someone sees us together?
Havde du en kamp eller noget?	Did you have a fight or something?
Havde du en kamp?	Did you have a fight?
Havde I en kamp eller noget?	Did you guys have a fight or something?
Havde du og Tom skændes eller noget?	Did you and Tom have a fight or something?
Jeg indså, at der var noget galt.	I realized something was wrong.
Tom vil købe en fødselsdagsgave til Mary.	Tom wants to buy a birthday present for Mary.
Hvad skulle du lave i Rusland?	What were you going to do in Russia?
Hvad tog du til Rusland for at lave?	What did you go to Russia to do?
Hvad tog han til Rusland for at lave?	What did he go to Russia to do?
Du, den person, der læser dette, er smuk.	You, the person reading this, are beautiful.
Tom er en kat.	Tom is a cat.
Tom er en kat.	Tom's a cat.
Tom er en kat.	Tom is a tomcat.
Tom er en kat.	Tom's a tomcat.
Jeg hørte raslen af ​​blade.	I heard the rustling of leaves.
NASAs Perseverance Mars-rover er blevet fastgjort til toppen af ​​raketten, der vil sende den mod den røde planet denne sommer.	NASA's Perseverance Mars rover has been attached to the top of the rocket that will send it toward the Red Planet this summer.
Toms mor hjalp ham med at blive klar til skole.	Tom's mother helped him get ready for school.
Mars 2020 Perseverance-roverens astrobiologiske mission vil søge efter tegn på gammelt mikrobielt liv.	The Mars 2020 Perseverance rover's astrobiology mission will search for signs of ancient microbial life.
Mars 2020 Perseverance-roveren vil også karakterisere planetens klima og geologi, bane vejen for menneskelig udforskning af den røde planet og være den første planetariske mission til at indsamle og cache Mars-sten og regolith.	The Mars 2020 Perseverance rover will also characterize the planet's climate and geology, pave the way for human exploration of the Red Planet, and be the first planetary mission to collect and cache Martian rock and regolith.
Når en måne kredser, trækker dens tyngdekraft på planeten, hvilket forårsager en midlertidig bule i planeten, når den passerer.	As a moon orbits, its gravity pulls on the planet, causing a temporary bulge in the planet as it passes.
Han stjal hendes hjerte.	He stole her heart.
Det endelige resultat er katastrofalt.	The final outcome is catastrophic.
Hun stjal hans hjerte.	She stole his heart.
Tom stjal Marys hjerte.	Tom stole Mary's heart.
Vi ved ikke, hvornår eller hvordan de første stjerner og galakser i universet blev dannet.	We do not know when or how the first stars and galaxies in the universe formed.
For første gang i ni år blev NASA-astronauter opsendt fra amerikansk jord på en amerikansk raket.	For the first time in nine years, NASA astronauts were launched from American soil on an American rocket.
For første gang i ni år blev NASA-astronauter opsendt fra amerikansk jord på en amerikansk raket, og for første gang i historien fløj disse astronauter på et kommercielt bygget og drevet rumfartøj.	For the first time in nine years, NASA astronauts were launched from American soil on an American rocket, and for the first time in history, those astronauts flew on a commercially built and operated spacecraft.
SpaceX Crew Dragon-rumfartøjet med NASA-astronauterne Robert Behnken og Douglas Hurley lettede kl. 15.22.	The SpaceX Crew Dragon spacecraft carrying NASA astronauts Robert Behnken and Douglas Hurley lifted off at 3:22 p.m.
EDT den 30. maj 2020 fra Launch Complex 39A på NASA Kennedy Space Center i Florida.	EDT on May 30, 2020, from Launch Complex 39A at NASA Kennedy Space Center in Florida.
Rumfartøjet blev opsendt oven på en genanvendelig SpaceX Falcon 9-raket.	The spacecraft was launched atop a reusable SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket.
Hvorfor var hun så ked af det?	Why was she so upset?
Hvorfor var han så ked af det?	Why was he so upset?
Tom kiggede mistænksomt på hende.	Tom looked at her suspiciously.
Hun kiggede mistænksomt på ham.	She looked at him suspiciously.
Hun var tilbageholdende med at gå.	She was reluctant to leave.
Han var tilbageholdende med at gå.	He was reluctant to leave.
De var tilbageholdende med at gå.	They were reluctant to leave.
Jeg underviser i sprog.	I teach languages.
Jeg kan godt lide at undervise i sprog.	I like teaching languages.
Jeg er sproglærer.	I'm a languages teacher.
Du er en fantastisk lærer.	You're an awesome teacher.
Du inspirerer mig.	You do inspire me.
Jeg hørte fodtrin følge mig.	I heard footsteps following me.
Toms stemme lyder lidt som en gammel kvindes.	Tom's voice sounds a bit like an old woman's.
Social isolation påvirker vores helbred.	Social isolation takes a toll on our health.
Nogle gange er social isolation nødvendig på grund af nødsituationer som en global pandemi.	Sometimes social isolation is necessary due to emergencies like a global pandemic.
NASA-astronauter oplever også social isolation, når de bor på den internationale rumstation.	NASA astronauts also experience social isolation living on the International Space Station.
NASA-astronauter oplever også social isolation, når de bor på den internationale rumstation, som de vil under missioner til Månen og Mars.	NASA astronauts also experience social isolation living on the International Space Station as they will during missions to the Moon and Mars.
Hvorfor var hun så nervøs?	Why was she so nervous?
Hvorfor var han så nervøs?	Why was he so nervous?
Der er fest senere i aften.	There's a party later tonight.
Jeg ville ikke kalde mig selv en frankofon; Jeg taler og læser bare en lille smule.	I wouldn't call myself a Francophone; I speak and read just a little bit.
Jeg sætter dog pris på, at du siger det.	I appreciate you saying that, though.
Hvorfor er Tom så nervøs?	Why is Tom so nervous?
Det er normalt at hade folk, der vil slå dig ihjel.	It's normal to hate people who want to kill you.
Det er normalt at hade bestemte mennesker, der vil slå dig ihjel.	It's normal to hate specific people who want to kill you.
Had har sin plads.	Hate has its place.
Det blev starten på et smukt venskab.	It was the start of a beautiful friendship.
En måde astronauter udholde isolation i rummet på er at vide, at deres arbejde har en social indvirkning.	One way astronauts endure isolation in space is knowing that their work has a social impact.
Månelandingen hjalp mennesker over hele verden til at føle sig mere forenede, fordi de følte følelsen af ​​at høre til, af enhed, med fælles håb og drømme opfyldt.	The Moon landing helped people around the world feel more united because they felt the sense of belonging, of oneness, with shared hopes and dreams fulfilled.
Under en global pandemi er det at blive hjemme en måde, hvorpå vi bidrager til vores samfund.	During a global pandemic, staying home is one way we contribute to our community.
Mennesker, der er åbne, har en tendens til at være mere modstandsdygtige, fordi de ser flere måder at nærme sig et problem på og tilpasse sig livets udfordringer.	People who are open tend to be more resilient because they see more ways to approach a problem and adapt to life’s challenges.
De, der er mere åbne, er ofte mere positive, hjælpsomme og fleksible i deres tilgang til opgaverne.	Those who are more open are often more positive, helpful and flexible in their approaches to tasks.
At være åben hjælper os med at tilpasse os livets forandringer.	Being open helps us adapt to life’s changes.
For at forblive fysiologisk, følelsesmæssigt og psykologisk i form i isolation, træner astronauter, spiser sundt, følger en søvn- og arbejdsplan og får tid til fritidsaktiviteter.	To stay physiologically, emotionally and psychologically fit in isolation, astronauts exercise, eat healthy, follow a sleep and work schedule, and make time for leisure activities.
Familiekommunikation er vigtig.	Family communication is important.
Besætninger på rumstationen tager kontakt via videochat med venner og familie for at føle sig mindre adskilt fra deres kære på Jorden.	Crews on space station make contact via video chat with friends and family to feel less separated from their loved ones on Earth.
Astronauter skriver i dagbøger for at udtrykke deres følelser.	Astronauts write in journals to express their feelings.
Mindfulness og andre mestringsstrategier kan hjælpe med at lette besætningens stress og psykologisk omformulere en situation for at vende negativer til positive.	Mindfulness and other coping strategies can help ease crew stress and psychologically reframe a situation to turn negatives into positives.
Meditation kan praktiseres næsten overalt.	Meditation can be practiced nearly anywhere.
Nedetiden ved isolation er en god chance for at reflektere over vores styrker og bygge videre på dem.	The downtime of isolation is a good chance to reflect on our strengths and build upon them.
Had har sin plads.	Hatred has its place.
Jeg er ikke sikker på, om jeg kan komme i morgen.	I'm not sure if I can come tomorrow.
Det var en opløftende følelse.	It was an exhilarating feeling.
Jeg voksede op i en meget lille by.	I grew up in a very small town.
Det var meget spændende.	That was very exhilarating.
Det var en spændende oplevelse.	It was an exhilarating experience.
Der gik måneder, før Tom kunne komme ud af sengen.	Months passed before Tom could get out of bed.
Jeg arvede al den jord, som min far ejede.	I inherited all the land that my father owned.
Skal du spise middag med mig i aften?	Will you have dinner with me tonight?
Jeg faldt i søvn i historietimen.	I fell asleep in history class.
Tom vil gerne undskylde til Mary for at gøre det.	Tom wants to apologize to Mary for doing that.
Gør det ikke nemt for ham.	Don't make it easy for him.
Gør det ikke nemt for hende.	Don't make it easy for her.
Gør det ikke let for Tom.	Don't make it easy for Tom.
COVID-19 kan forårsage alvorlig skade på hjernen.	COVID-19 can cause serious damage to the brain.
Betyder det, at du skal spise middag med mig i aften?	Does that mean you'll have dinner with me tonight?
Denne foredragssal er stor, og den er lille.	This lecture hall is big, and that one is small.
Vi kan ses i morgen aften.	We can see each other tomorrow evening.
Madame Berthes muselemur er den mindste primat i verden.	Madame Berthe's mouse lemur is the smallest primate in the world.
Lemurer er hjemmehørende i Madagaskar.	Lemurs are native to Madagascar.
Jeg gik ud gennem bagdøren.	I exited through the back door.
Tom er vant til at håndtere denne slags situationer.	Tom is used to handling this kind of situation.
Bermuda har en af ​​de højeste indkomster pr. indbygger i verden.	Bermuda enjoys one of the highest per capita incomes in the world.
Det endte med at jeg gik med til at gøre.	I ended up agreeing to do that.
Tom ville gerne undskylde til Mary for at gøre det.	Tom wanted to apologize to Mary for doing that.
Slip det ikke ud.	Don't let it out.
Lad ham ikke komme ud.	Don't let him out.
Jeg ved ikke, hvem der tog min telefon.	I don't know who took my phone.
Tom bliver vred, hver gang nogen modsiger ham.	Tom gets angry whenever someone contradicts him.
Arbejdsløsheden er meget lav.	Unemployment is very low.
Det vigtigste husdyr er får.	The principal livestock is sheep.
Der er en lille turistindustri.	There is a small tourist industry.
Det civile styre blev genoprettet i 1985.	Civilian rule was restored in 1985.
Tyskland annekterede øen i 1888.	Germany annexed the island in 1888.
Spanien afstod Guam til USA i 1898.	Spain ceded Guam to the US in 1898.
Landets valuta er euroen.	The country's currency is the euro.
Valutaen er knyttet til euroen.	The currency is pegged to the Euro.
Økonomisk dårlig forvaltning er udbredt.	Economic mismanagement is prevalent.
Turisme beskæftiger 17 % af arbejdsstyrken.	Tourism employs 17% of the workforce.
Tuvalu har betydelige aktiver i udlandet.	Tuvalu has substantial assets abroad.
Bermuda skal importere næsten alt.	Bermuda must import almost everything.
Inflationen er holdt under kontrol.	Inflation has been kept under control.
Mali er fortsat afhængig af udenlandsk bistand.	Mali remains dependent on foreign aid.
Flere forsøg på adskillelse mislykkedes.	Several attempts at separation failed.
Uganda står over for mange økonomiske udfordringer.	Uganda faces many economic challenges.
Kun otte af atollerne er beboede.	Only eight of the atolls are inhabited.
Arbejdsløsheden er fortsat høj.	Unemployment remains persistently high.
Den amerikanske flåde overtog atollen i 1934.	The US Navy took over the atoll in 1934.
Halvdelen af ​​øen forbliver ubeboelig.	Half of the island remains uninhabitable.
De sidste russiske tropper trak sig tilbage i 1993.	The last Russian troops withdrew in 1993.
Eswatini er et land med lavere mellemindkomst.	Eswatini is a lower-middle-income country.
Levestandarden er relativt høj.	The standard of living is relatively high.
Tunesien har en historie med arbejdsudvandring.	Tunisia has a history of labor emigration.
Ureguleret fiskeri er et vedvarende problem.	Unregulated fishing is an ongoing problem.
Væksten aftog til anslået 1,4 % i 2017.	Growth slowed to an estimated 1.4% in 2017.
Offshore olie- og gasefterforskning er begyndt.	Offshore oil and gas exploration has begun.
Laos havde formandskabet for ASEAN i 2016.	Laos held the chairmanship of ASEAN in 2016.
Strømafbrydelser og vandmangel er hyppige.	Power cuts and water shortages are frequent.
Flere virksomheder er blevet renationaliseret.	Several businesses have been renationalized.
Skatteindtægter kommer hovedsageligt fra importafgifter.	Tax revenues come mainly from import duties.
Eksporten udgør nu mere end 40 % af BNP.	Exports now account for more than 40% of GDP.
Siden da er økonomien langsomt vendt tilbage.	Since then, the economy has slowly rebounded.
Nogle basale fødevarer skal stadig importeres.	Some basic foodstuffs must still be imported.
Arbejdsløsheden og underbeskæftigelsen er fortsat høj.	Unemployment and underemployment remain high.
En aldrende befolkning vil være et langsigtet problem.	An aging population will be a long-term issue.
Byttehandel er en vigtig del af økonomien.	Bartering is an important part of the economy.
Polen blev medlem af NATO i 1999 og EU i 2004.	Poland joined NATO in 1999 and the EU in 2004.
Den offentlige sektor dominerer den økonomiske aktivitet.	The public sector dominates economic activity.
Et oprør ledet af maoister brød ud i 1996.	An insurgency led by Maoists broke out in 1996.
Levestandarden er tæt på Storbritanniens.	Living standards come close to those of the UK.
Minedrift tegner sig for broderparten af ​​produktionen.	Mining accounts for the lion's share of output.
Rumænien blev medlem af NATO i 2004 og EU i 2007.	Romania joined NATO in 2004 and the EU in 2007.
Spanien er eurozonens fjerdestørste økonomi.	Spain is the Eurozone's fourth-largest economy.
Turisme er blevet grundpillen i økonomien.	Tourism has become the mainstay of the economy.
Diamanter bidrager med yderligere 5 % til eksporten.	Diamonds contribute an additional 5% to exports.
Inflationen har været under kontrol siden 2006.	Inflation has remained under control since 2006.
Skattesatserne er lave for at tiltrække udenlandske investeringer.	Tax rates are low to attract foreign investment.
USA og Kina er de største brugere af kanalen.	The US and China are the top users of the Canal.
Landet er sårbart over for ødelæggende storme.	The country is vulnerable to devastating storms.
Togo er både et emigrations- og asylland.	Togo is both a country of emigration and asylum.
Rigdommen er koncentreret i hænderne på de rige.	Wealth is concentrated in the hands of the rich.
Alle fødevarer og forarbejdede varer skal importeres.	All food and manufactured goods must be imported.
Skovbrug og landbrug er mindre bestanddele af BNP.	Forestry and farming are minor components of GDP.
USA besatte og generobrede øen i 1935.	The US occupied and reclaimed the island in 1935.
Kommunistiske partisaner overtog landet i 1944.	Communist partisans took over the country in 1944.
Elektricitet er tilgængelig for 83% af befolkningen.	Electricity is available to 83% of the population.
Minedrift er faldet i betydning i de senere år.	Mining has declined in importance in recent years.
Forhandlinger om territorial status begyndte i 1972.	Negotiations for territorial status began in 1972.
Puertoricanere fik amerikansk statsborgerskab i 1917.	Puerto Ricans were granted US citizenship in 1917.
Øgruppen opnåede sin uafhængighed i 1971.	The archipelago attained its independence in 1971.
Økonomien voksede med 2,0 % i 2016 og 2,1 % i 2017.	The economy grew by 2.0% in 2016 and 2.1% in 2017.
Det finanspolitiske underskud udgjorde 11 % af BNP i 2017.	The fiscal deficit amounted to 11% of GDP in 2017.
Danmark er medlem af EU, men ikke eurozonen.	Denmark is a member of the EU but not the eurozone.
Præsident Bouterse blev genvalgt uden modstand i 2015.	President Bouterse was reelected unopposed in 2015.
Squash, vaniljebønner og yams er hovedafgrøderne.	Squash, vanilla beans, and yams are the main crops.
Landet blev medlem af NATO i 2004 og EU i 2007.	The country joined NATO in 2004 and the EU in 2007.
Økonomien ekspanderer efter en periode med tilbagegang.	The economy is expanding after a period of decline.
Øerne er også gjort krav på af Taiwan og Vietnam.	The islands also are claimed by Taiwan and Vietnam.
Danmark oplever en beskeden økonomisk vækst.	Denmark is experiencing a modest economic expansion.
BNP-væksten steg i 2017, da mineralpriserne steg.	GDP growth picked up in 2017 as mineral prices rose.
Irak opnåede sin uafhængighed som et kongerige i 1932.	Iraq attained its independence as a kingdom in 1932.
Olie og landbrug er grundpillerne i Tchads økonomi.	Oil and agriculture are mainstays of Chad's economy.
Tadsjikistan blev medlem af WTO i marts 2013.	Tajikistan became a member of the WTO in March 2013.
I dag er øerne et US National Wildlife Refuge.	Today the islands are a US National Wildlife Refuge.
Landbruget beskæftiger fortsat 80 % af arbejdsstyrken.	Agriculture continues to employ 80% of the workforce.
Burundi opnåede sin uafhængighed fra Belgien i 1962.	Burundi gained its independence from Belgium in 1962.
Islands tre største banker kollapsede i slutningen af ​​2008.	Iceland's three largest banks collapsed in late 2008.
Mindre end 3% af Costa Ricas befolkning bor i udlandet.	Less than 3% of Costa Rica's population lives abroad.
Fattigdomsbekæmpelse er stagneret siden slutningen af ​​1990'erne.	Poverty reduction has stagnated since the late 1990s.
Spanien og Storbritannien sparrer fortsat over territoriet.	Spain and the UK continue to spar over the territory.
Færøerne er ikke en del af EU.	The Faroe Islands are not part of the European Union.
USA tog formelt besiddelse af øerne i 1867.	The US took formal possession of the islands in 1867.
To tredjedele af de 12.000 indbyggere flygtede fra øen.	Two-thirds of the 12,000 inhabitants fled the island.
Mindst 20% af El Salvadors befolkning bor i udlandet.	At least 20% of El Salvador's population lives abroad.
Autonomi blev givet i 1969 og uafhængighed i 1979.	Autonomy was granted in 1969 and independence in 1979.
Kina ejer omkring 50 % af Tadsjikistans udestående gæld.	China owns about 50% of Tajikistan's outstanding debt.
Guld, bauxit og diamanter er Guineas vigtigste eksportvarer.	Gold, bauxite, and diamonds are Guinea's main exports.
Karzai blev genvalgt i august 2009 for en anden periode.	Karzai was reelected in August 2009 for a second term.
Paraguay opnåede sin uafhængighed fra Spanien i 1811.	Paraguay achieved its independence from Spain in 1811.
Landet har også et enormt landbrugspotentiale.	The country also has tremendous agriculture potential.
Omkring 80 % af befolkningen er beskæftiget i landbruget.	About 80% of the population is employed in agriculture.
Djibouti har få naturressourcer og lidt industri.	Djibouti has few natural resources and little industry.
I 1830 løsrev Belgien sig og dannede et separat kongerige.	In 1830, Belgium seceded and formed a separate kingdom.
Palmeolie og kakao dukker op som nye eksportprodukter.	Palm oil and cocoa are emerging as new export products.
Efterfølgende overtog det amerikanske luftvåben kontrollen i 1948.	Subsequently, the US Air Force assumed control in 1948.
Subsistenslandbrug er den dominerende form for levebrød.	Subsistence farming is the dominant form of livelihood.
Gambia opnåede sin uafhængighed fra Storbritannien i 1965.	The Gambia gained its independence from the UK in 1965.
USA annekterede Wake Island i 1899 til en kabelstation.	The US annexed Wake Island in 1899 for a cable station.
Burundi sluttede sig til Det Østafrikanske Fællesskab (EAC) i 2009.	Burundi joined the East African Community (EAC) in 2009.
Burundis andet demokratiske valg blev afholdt i 2005.	Burundi's second democratic elections were held in 2005.
Kasakhstans samlede olieproduktion i 2017 steg 10,5%.	Kazakhstan's total oil production in 2017 climbed 10.5%.
Lokalt stofbrug og tilhørende voldskriminalitet vokser.	Local drug use and associated violent crime are growing.
Paraguay er den femtestørste sojaproducent i verden.	Paraguay is the fifth largest soy producer in the world.
Den offentlige gæld var mere end fordoblet mellem 2008 og 2015.	Public debt had more than doubled between 2008 and 2015.
Slovakiet blev medlem af EU i 2004 og euroområdet i 2009.	Slovakia joined the EU in 2004 and the eurozone in 2009.
Mente du det seriøst?	Did you seriously mean that?
Holland gav kolonien uafhængighed i 1975.	The Netherlands granted the colony independence in 1975.
Den samme familie har regeret Brunei i over seks århundreder.	The same family has ruled Brunei for over six centuries.
En lille let industrisektor henvender sig til det lokale marked.	A small light industry sector caters to the local market.
Migration til USA blev genoptaget under afslappede migrationslove.	Migration to the US resumed under relaxed migration laws.
Sekterisme er et nøgleelement i libanesisk politiske liv.	Sectarianism is a key element of Lebanese political life.
Storbritannien havde en gældsbyrde på 90,4 % af BNP ved udgangen af ​​2017.	The UK had a debt burden of 90.4% GDP at the end of 2017.
Energiressourcer og fremstillede varer importeres også.	Energy resources and manufactured goods are also imported.
Udenlandske investeringer og EU-finansiering hjalp med overgangen.	Foreign investment and EU funding aided in the transition.
I 2004 oversteg Sydkoreas BNP en billion dollars.	In 2004, South Korea's GDP surpassed one trillion dollars.
Jamaica øgede gradvist sin uafhængighed fra Storbritannien.	Jamaica gradually increased its independence from Britain.
Laos blev medlem af ASEAN i 1997 og WTO i 2013.	Laos became a member of ASEAN in 1997 and the WTO in 2013.
Libanons grænser til Syrien og Israel er stadig uafklarede.	Lebanon's borders with Syria and Israel remain unresolved.
Mere end 50 % af befolkningen er under 25 år.	More than 50% of the population is less than 25 years old.
Kun 20 % af Montenegros vandkraftpotentiale udnyttes.	Only 20% of Montenegro's hydropower potential is utilized.
Turisme har også en vigtig plads i Kenyas økonomi.	Tourism also holds a significant place in Kenya's economy.
Turisme har et vist potentiale som indtægtskilde og job.	Tourism has some potential as a source of income and jobs.
Med amerikansk hjælp blev diktator Manuel Noriega afsat i 1989.	With US help, dictator Manuel Noriega was deposed in 1989.
En ny regering og forfatning trådte i kraft i 1978.	A new government and constitution went into effect in 1978.
Keltiske stammer ankom til øen mellem 600 og 150 f.Kr.	Celtic tribes arrived on the island between 600 and 150 BC.
Tchad har verdens tredjehøjeste mødredødelighed.	Chad has the world's third-highest maternal mortality rate.
I 2015 var Serbiens BNP 27,5 % under, hvor det var i 1989.	In 2015, Serbia's GDP was 27.5% below where it was in 1989.
Namibia er en af ​​verdens største producenter af uran.	Namibia is one of the world's largest producers of uranium.
Landbrugssektoren er lille, og de fleste fødevarer importeres.	The agriculture sector is small, and most food is imported.
Landbefolkningen ernærer sig primært af nomadisk hyrde.	The rural population subsists primarily on nomadic herding.
Tuvalu har få naturressourcer, bortset fra dets fiskeri.	Tuvalu has few natural resources, except for its fisheries.
Korruption og svag retsstat er fortsat betydelige problemer.	Corruption and weak rule of law remain significant problems.
I øjeblikket støtter regionen 10-20 millioner kvæg.	Currently, the region supports 10-20 million head of cattle.
Jordan mistede Vestbredden til Israel i Seksdageskrigen i 1967.	Jordan lost the West Bank to Israel in the 1967 Six-Day War.
Kosovo har lavere lønomkostninger end resten af ​​regionen.	Kosovo enjoys lower labor costs than the rest of the region.
Kosovos binding til euroen har været med til at holde kerneinflationen lav.	Kosovo's tie to the euro has helped keep core inflation low.
Siden da er fødevarehjælpen faldet markant.	Since that time, food assistance has declined significantly.
Sporadiske oprørskampagner fortsatte gennem 2006 og 2007.	Sporadic rebel campaigns continued throughout 2006 and 2007.
USA afbrød de diplomatiske forbindelser med Iran i april 1980.	The US cut off diplomatic relations with Iran in April 1980.
Landet er fortsat det fattigste i den tidligere sovjetiske sfære.	The country remains the poorest in the former Soviet sphere.
Øerne har få kommercielt værdifulde mineralforekomster.	The islands have few commercially valuable mineral deposits.
Turismen fra specialiserede krydstogtskibe stiger hurtigt.	Tourism from specialized cruise ships is increasing rapidly.
Landbruget er sårbart over for vejr- og klimavariationer.	Agriculture is vulnerable to weather and climate variability.
Landbrug repræsenterede omkring 1% af Jerseys økonomi i 2016.	Agriculture represented about 1% of Jersey's economy in 2016.
Antigua er endnu ikke vendt tilbage til vækstniveauet før krisen.	Antigua has not yet returned to its pre-crisis growth levels.
Grækenland opnåede uafhængighed fra Det Osmanniske Rige i 1830.	Greece achieved independence from the Ottoman Empire in 1830.
Høst af fisk og krill er potentielle indtægtskilder.	Harvesting finfish and krill are potential sources of income.
Kulbrinteefterforskning er ophørt med faldende oliepriser.	Hydrocarbon exploration has ceased with declining oil prices.
Letland tilsluttede sig også eurozonen i 2014 og OECD i 2016.	Latvia also joined the eurozone in 2014 and the OECD in 2016.
Marokko opretholder en stor sikkerhedstilstedeværelse i territoriet.	Morocco maintains a heavy security presence in the territory.
Produktionen i 1999 var faldet til mindre end 40 % af 1991-niveauet.	Output by 1999 had fallen to less than 40% of the 1991 level.
Området forblev en koloni i omkring to og et halvt århundrede.	The area remained a colony for some two and a half centuries.
Landet faldt under kommunistisk styre efter Anden Verdenskrig.	The country fell under communist rule following World War II.
Landet stagnerede økonomisk i det næste halve århundrede.	The country stagnated economically for the next half century.
Giv bolden til mig.	Pass the ball to me.
Et par ekspeditioner besøgte øen i slutningen af ​​det 19. århundrede.	A few expeditions visited the island in the late 19th century.
En merværdiafgift på fem procent blev indført i januar 2018.	A five-percent value-added tax was introduced in January 2018.
Omkring 90 % af befolkningen er afhængig af subsistenslandbrug.	About 90% of the population relies on subsistence agriculture.
Elsisi blev genvalgt til en anden fireårig periode i marts 2018.	Elsisi was reelected to a second four-year term in March 2018.
Fem år senere annekterede Japan formelt hele halvøen.	Five years later, Japan formally annexed the entire peninsula.
De udenlandske direkte investeringer er faldet i de seneste år.	Foreign direct investment inflows have slowed in recent years.
I 1935 blev Filippinerne et selvstyrende rigsfællesskab.	In 1935, the Philippines became a self-governing commonwealth.
I 1992 lukkede USA sine sidste militærbaser på øerne.	In 1992, the US closed its last military bases on the islands.
Indkomst pr. indbygger er omkring to tredjedele af det amerikanske fastland.	Per capita income is about two-thirds that of the US mainland.
Et forenet thailandsk kongerige blev etableret i midten af ​​det 14. århundrede.	A unified Thai kingdom was established in the mid-14th century.
Både amerikanske og britiske virksomheder minede efter guano indtil omkring 1890.	Both US and British companies mined for guano until about 1890.
Grønland, verdens største ø, er omkring 79% isdækket.	Greenland, the world's largest island, is about 79% ice-capped.
Honduras økonomi afhænger i høj grad af amerikansk handel og pengeoverførsler.	Honduras's economy depends heavily on US trade and remittances.
Dens vigtigste eksportvarer er jernmalm, gummi, diamanter og guld.	Its principal exports are iron ore, rubber, diamonds, and gold.
Jerry Rawlings tog magten i 1981 og forbød politiske partier.	Jerry Rawlings took power in 1981 and banned political parties.
Kenya er en kilde til emigranter og et værtsland for flygtninge.	Kenya is a source of emigrants and a host country for refugees.
Nordyemen blev uafhængigt af Det Osmanniske Rige i 1918.	North Yemen became independent from the Ottoman Empire in 1918.
Sierra Leone har været en kilde til og destination for flygtninge.	Sierra Leone has been a source of and destination for refugees.
Den britiske indiske hær spillede en afgørende rolle i begge verdenskrige.	The British Indian Army played a vital role in both World Wars.
En grænsekrig med Peru, der blussede op i 1995, blev løst i 1999.	A border war with Peru that flared in 1995 was resolved in 1999.
Omkring 60 % af landets store ungdomsbefolkning er arbejdsløse.	About 60% of the country's large youth population is unemployed.
Islam spredte sig over hele subkontinentet over en periode på 700 år.	Islam spread across the subcontinent over a period of 700 years.
De fleste forarbejdede varer og olieprodukter skal importeres.	Most manufactured goods and petroleum products must be imported.
Norge meldte sig ud af EU under en folkeafstemning i november 1994.	Norway opted out of the EU during a referendum in November 1994.
Kartofler er en vigtig eksportafgrøde, som for det meste sendes til Storbritannien.	Potatoes are an important export crop, shipped mostly to the UK.
Fremstillingssektoren forarbejder hovedsageligt landbrugsprodukter.	The manufacturing sector mainly processes agricultural products.
Oliesektoren havde drevet en stor del af Sudans BNP-vækst siden 1999.	The oil sector had driven much of Sudan's GDP growth since 1999.
Afghanistans levestandard er blandt de laveste i verden.	Afghanistan's living standards are among the lowest in the world.
Anslået 4,4 millioner, mere end 40%, af Beninese bor i udlandet.	An estimated 4.4 million, more than 40%, of Beninese live abroad.
Burundi står fortsat over for mange økonomiske og politiske udfordringer.	Burundi continues to face many economic and political challenges.
Elpriserne i Senegal er blandt de højeste i verden.	Electricity prices in Senegal are among the highest in the world.
Georgien blev absorberet i det russiske imperium i det 19. århundrede.	Georgia was absorbed into the Russian Empire in the 19th century.
Hadi flygtede til Aden i februar 2015 og trak sin opsigelse tilbage.	Hadi fled to Aden in February 2015 and rescinded his resignation.
Høj arbejdsløshed er fortsat det alvorligste makroøkonomiske problem.	High unemployment remains the most serious macroeconomic problem.
Jeg er ikke hjemme i aften.	I won't be home tonight.
I 1949 opgav Norge neutraliteten og blev medlem af NATO.	In 1949, Norway abandoned neutrality and became a member of NATO.
I 1967 gav Storbritannien Grenada autonomi over sine indre anliggender.	In 1967, Britain gave Grenada autonomy over its internal affairs.
I 2000 blev Saudi-Arabien og Yemen enige om at afgrænse deres grænse.	In 2000, Saudi Arabia and Yemen agreed to delineate their border.
Kenyas reale BNP-vækst har i gennemsnit været over 5 % i det sidste årti.	Kenya's real GDP growth has averaged over 5% for the last decade.
Peru er verdens næststørste producent af sølv og kobber.	Peru is the world's second-largest producer of silver and copper.
Landet har få naturressourcer og et svagt industrielt grundlag.	The country has few natural resources and a weak industrial base.
Regeringen forsøger at diversificere sin industri og handel.	The government is attempting to diversify its industry and trade.
Regeringen kæmper for at vende en stigning i voldelig kriminalitet.	The government is struggling to reverse a surge in violent crime.
Regeringen vedtog vigtige pensions-, skatte- og skattereformer.	The government passed important pension, tax, and fiscal reforms.
Øens økonomi har været domineret af tre hovedindustrier.	The island's economy has been dominated by three main industries.
Projektet blev leveret til tiden og kun lidt over budget.	The project was delivered on time and only slightly above budget.
Arbejdsløsheden er faldet, men er fortsat høj, især blandt unge.	Unemployment has fallen but remains high, especially among youth.
Omkring 5.400 af disse flygtninge fik tilladelse til at opholde sig i Gabon.	About 5,400 of these refugees received permits to reside in Gabon.
Næsten to tredjedele af øen er blevet erklæret som nationalpark.	Almost two-thirds of the island has been declared a national park.
Det er ikke kun i dag, vi skal være her.	It's not only today that we have to be here.
Vi skal også være her i morgen.	We have to be here tomorrow, too.
Det er ikke kun i dag, vi skal være her.	It's not only today we have to be here.
Vi skal også være her i morgen.	We have to be here tomorrow, too.
Eksport af flaskevand til USA er Fijis største indenlandske eksport.	Bottled water exports to the US is Fiji's largest domestic export.
De fleste kapitalgoder og fødevarer til indenlandsk forbrug importeres.	Most capital goods and food for domestic consumption are imported.
Øen Anguilla gjorde oprør og fik lov til at løsrive sig i 1971.	The island of Anguilla rebelled and was allowed to secede in 1971.
I folkeafstemninger i 1972 og 1994 afviste Norge at blive medlem af EU.	In referenda held in 1972 and 1994, Norway rejected joining the EU.
Industriel aktivitet er koncentreret om forarbejdning af landbrugsvarer.	Industrial activity is concentrated on processing farm commodities.
Johnston og Sand Islands blev udpeget til vildereservater i 1926.	Johnston and Sand Islands were designated wildlife refuges in 1926.
En stor del af arbejdsstyrken er ansat i bananproduktion og turisme.	Much of the workforce is employed in banana production and tourism.
Siden 1990 har Polen ført en politik med økonomisk liberalisering.	Since 1990, Poland has pursued a policy of economic liberalization.
Størstedelen af ​​disse emigranter er veluddannede og middelklasse.	The majority of these emigrants are well-educated and middle-class.
I dag er Tadsjikistan det fattigste blandt de tidligere sovjetrepublikker.	Today, Tajikistan is the poorest among the former Soviet republics.
Amerikanske love om mindsteløn gælder i Puerto Rico, hvilket hæmmer jobudvidelsen.	US minimum wage laws apply in Puerto Rico, hampering job expansion.
Omkring tre fjerdedele af befolkningen lever under fattigdomsgrænsen.	About three-quarters of the population lives below the poverty line.
Landbruget sørger for et eksistensgrundlag for 85 % af befolkningen.	Agriculture provides a subsistence livelihood for 85% of the people.
Oksekød, kaffe og guld er Nicaraguas tre største eksportvarer.	Beef, coffee, and gold are Nicaragua's top three export commodities.
Kobber er Chiles største eksportvare og står for 20 % af statens indtægter.	Copper is Chile's top export and provides 20% of government revenue.
Kim Jong Un blev offentligt afsløret som sin fars efterfølger i 2010.	Kim Jong Un was publicly unveiled as his father's successor in 2010.
Næsten 90 % af øernes fødevarer og forbrugsvarer skal importeres.	Nearly 90% of the islands' food and consumer goods must be imported.
Slovakiet sporer sine rødder til staten Store Mähren fra det 9. århundrede.	Slovakia traces its roots to the 9th-century state of Great Moravia.
Briterne erobrede øen i 1810 under Napoleonskrigene.	The British captured the island in 1810, during the Napoleonic Wars.
De resterende elementer i Khmer Rouge overgav sig i begyndelsen af ​​1999.	The remaining elements of the Khmer Rouge surrendered in early 1999.
Denne ubeboede ø blev gjort krav på af USA i 1857 for sin guano.	This uninhabited island was claimed by the US in 1857 for its guano.
Frankrigs reale BNP voksede med 1,9 % i 2017 mod 1,2 % året før.	France's real GDP grew by 1.9% in 2017, up from 1.2% the year before.
I 2014 begyndte den græske økonomi at vende hjørnet mod recessionen.	In 2014, the Greek economy began to turn the corner on the recession.
Makedonien opnåede fredeligt sin uafhængighed fra Jugoslavien i 1991.	Macedonia gained its independence peacefully from Yugoslavia in 1991.
Naturgasreserverne beløber sig til anslået 155 milliarder kubikmeter.	Natural gas reserves amount to an estimated 155 billion cubic meters.
Øen var ubeboet, da den første gang blev bosat af briterne i 1627.	The island was uninhabited when first settled by the British in 1627.
Tyrkiet blev medlem af FN i 1945, og i 1952 blev det medlem af NATO.	Turkey joined the UN in 1945, and in 1952 it became a member of NATO.
En folkeafstemning om uafhængighed fra Storbritannien blev behørigt besejret i 1995.	A referendum on independence from the UK was soundly defeated in 1995.
Kongressen godkendte lovgivning i december 2016 for at begrænse offentlige udgifter.	Congress approved legislation in December 2016 to cap public spending.
Korruption og bureaukrati fortsætter med at gennemsyre forretningsmiljøet.	Corruption and red tape continue to permeate the business environment.
Føderale tilskud har også bidraget til økonomisk vækst og stabilitet.	Federal grants have also contributed to economic growth and stability.
I 2010 og 2011 nåede det føderale budgetunderskud næsten 9 % af BNP.	In 2010 and 2011, the federal budget deficit reached nearly 9% of GDP.
I løbet af de sidste par årtier har Thailand reduceret fattigdommen betydeligt.	Over the last few decades, Thailand has reduced poverty substantially.
Polens historie som stat begyndte nær midten af ​​det 10. århundrede.	Poland's history as a state began near the middle of the 10th century.
Briterne grundlagde Singapore som handelskoloni på stedet i 1819.	The British founded Singapore as a trading colony on the site in 1819.
Tjekkiet tilsluttede sig NATO i 1999 og EU i 2004.	The Czech Republic joined NATO in 1999 and the European Union in 2004.
Landets banksektor er sund og overvejende udenlandsk ejet.	The country's banking sector is sound and predominantly foreign owned.
Øerne blev en republik i 1968, tre år efter uafhængigheden.	The islands became a republic in 1968, three years after independence.
En FN-ledet proces begyndte i slutningen af ​​2005 for at fastslå Kosovos endelige status.	A UN-led process began in late 2005 to determine Kosovo's final status.
Genueserne byggede en fæstning på stedet for det nuværende Monaco i 1215.	The Genoese built a fortress on the site of present-day Monaco in 1215.
Fiskeforarbejdningsvirksomheden tegnede sig i 2015 for 15,5 % af beskæftigelsen.	The fish processing business accounted for 15.5% of employment in 2015.
Øerne fortsatte med at tjene som flådestation indtil de blev lukket i 1993.	The islands continued to serve as a naval station until closed in 1993.
Tre år senere, oversvømmet af sovjetterne, underskrev Rumænien en våbenhvile.	Three years later, overrun by the Soviets, Romania signed an armistice.
Aserbajdsjan har gjort begrænsede fremskridt med markedsbaserede økonomiske reformer.	Azerbaijan has made limited progress with market-based economic reforms.
Både amerikanske og britiske virksomheder minede efter guanoforekomster indtil omkring 1890.	Both US and British companies mined for guano deposits until about 1890.
Cabo Verdeans har slået sig ned i USA, Europa, Afrika og Sydamerika.	Cabo Verdeans have settled in the US, Europe, Africa, and South America.
Cartier Island, et tidligere bombeområde, blev et havreservat i 2000.	Cartier Island, a former bombing range, became a marine reserve in 2000.
Kina fortsætter med at miste agerjord på grund af erosion og urbanisering.	China continues to lose arable land because of erosion and urbanization.
Inflationen forblev meget lav i 2016, ned fra et gennemsnit på 4 % i 2014.	Inflation remained very low in 2016, down from an average of 4% in 2014.
Mange voksne gik glip af skolegang på grund af krigsførelse og fordrivelse.	Many adults missed out on schooling because of warfare and displacement.
Online gambling sites leverede omkring 10% af øens indkomst i 2014.	Online gambling sites provided about 10% of the island's income in 2014.
Han rejser til Canada på forretningsrejse.	He's travelling to Canada for business.
Skal du til Grækenland for at bygge Jym-klubber?	Are you going to Greece to build Jym Clubs?
Efterfølgende forfatningsreformer genoprettede relativ politisk stabilitet.	Subsequent constitutional reforms restored relative political stability.
Hvilken nationalitet er vores slægtninge?	What nationality are our relatives?
portugisisk.	Portuguese.
Jeg tager mig af hende personligt.	I'll deal with her in person.
De ville sælge sig selv for en knytnæve jordnødder.	They would sell themselves for a fist of peanuts.
Det franske territorium Afars og Issas blev til Djibouti i 1977.	The French Territory of the Afars and the Issas became Djibouti in 1977.
Du gjorde et rigtig godt indtryk.	You made a really good impression.
Han tager til Pakistan for at bygge butikker.	He's going to Pakistan to build stores.
UAE har i de senere år spillet en voksende rolle i regionale anliggender.	The UAE, in recent years, has played a growing role in regional affairs.
Storbritannien etablerede et protektorat over Salomonøerne i 1890'erne.	The UK established a protectorate over the Solomon Islands in the 1890s.
Omkostningerne til elektricitet er en hovedbegrænsning for Senegals udvikling.	The cost of electricity is a chief constraint for Senegal's development.
Opdagelsen af ​​olie på Trinidad i 1910 tilføjede endnu en vigtig eksport.	The discovery of oil on Trinidad in 1910 added another important export.
Fiskerisektoren tegner sig for omkring 97 % af eksporten og halvdelen af ​​BNP.	The fisheries sector accounts for about 97% of exports, and half of GDP.
De sidste årtier af det 20. århundrede oplevede et boom i turistindustrien.	The last decades of the 20th century saw a boom in the tourism industry.
Toppen af ​​minebeskæftigelse i Sydafrika fandt sted i løbet af 1980'erne.	The peak of mining employment in South Africa occurred during the 1980s.
Arbejdsløsheden nåede 16 % i 2011, men faldt til 11,5 % i december 2017.	Unemployment reached 16% in 2011 but declined to 11.5% in December 2017.
Landbrug og industri er begrænset på grund af øens lille størrelse.	Agriculture and industry are limited due to the small size of the island.
Storbritannien tog øen i 1762 og udvidede kraftigt sukkerproduktionen.	Britain took the island in 1762 and vigorously expanded sugar production.
På trods af langsom vækst har Guams økonomi været stabil i løbet af det sidste årti.	Despite slow growth, Guam's economy has been stable over the last decade.
Ulovlig skovhugst og handel med narkotika spiller også en væsentlig rolle.	Illegal logging and trafficking in narcotics also play significant roles.
I 1995 afholdt landet sit første demokratiske valg siden 1970'erne.	In 1995, the country held its first democratic elections since the 1970s.
Johnston Island og Sand Island blev udpeget som dyrereservater i 1926.	Johnston Island and Sand Island were designated wildlife refuges in 1926.
Træ og diamanter tegner sig for de fleste eksportindtægter, efterfulgt af bomuld.	Timber and diamonds account for most export earnings, followed by cotton.
En langvarig uafhængighedskamp med Frankrig endte med succes i 1956.	A protracted independence struggle with France ended successfully in 1956.
Afrocolombianske og oprindelige befolkninger er uforholdsmæssigt berørt.	Afro-Colombian and indigenous populations are disproportionately affected.
Landbrugseksporten, herunder fisk, udgør to tredjedele af den samlede eksport.	Agricultural exports, including fish, make up two-thirds of total exports.
Landbruget tegner sig for en femtedel af produktionen og to femtedele af beskæftigelsen.	Agriculture accounts for one-fifth of output and two-fifths of employment.
Myndighederne planlægger at lægge vægt på tjenester og innovation i de kommende år.	Authorities plan to emphasize services and innovation in the coming years.
Bankreformer har bidraget til at øge væksten og investeringerne i den private sektor.	Banking reforms have helped increase private-sector growth and investment.
Mellem 2004 og 2013 var væksten i gennemsnit næsten 5 % om året, ledet af eksporten.	Between 2004 and 2013, growth averaged nearly 5% per year, led by exports.
Ved slutningen af ​​det 14. århundrede var Litauen den største stat i Europa.	By the end of the 14th century, Lithuania was the largest state in Europe.
Faldende oliepriser siden 2014 har forværret Venezuelas økonomiske krise.	Falling oil prices since 2014 have aggravated Venezuela's economic crisis.
Frankrig tilbagekøbte øen i 1877 og overtog kontrollen året efter.	France repurchased the island in 1877 and took control the following year.
Maltas økonomi er afhængig af udenrigshandel, produktion og turisme.	Malta's economy is dependent on foreign trade, manufacturing, and tourism.
Mere end 500.000 cubanske arbejdere er i øjeblikket registreret som selvstændige.	More than 500,000 Cuban workers are currently registered as self-employed.
Syrien forenede sig med Egypten i februar 1958 for at danne Den Forenede Arabiske Republik.	Syria united with Egypt in February 1958 to form the United Arab Republic.
Samme år begyndte briterne den første organiserede koloniale bosættelse.	That same year, the British began the first organized colonial settlement.
Frankrigs erobring af Vietnam begyndte i 1858 og blev afsluttet i 1884.	The conquest of Vietnam by France began in 1858 and was completed by 1884.
Landbruget tegner sig for omkring en tredjedel af BNP og 80 % af eksportindtægterne.	Agriculture accounts for about one-third of GDP and 80% of export revenues.
Albanien blev medlem af NATO i april 2009 og blev i juni 2014 EU-kandidat.	Albania joined NATO in April 2009 and in June 2014 became an EU candidate.
Strenge økonomiske politikker har væsentligt påvirket de økonomiske resultater.	Austere economic policies have significantly affected economic performance.
Australien er en betydelig eksportør af naturressourcer, energi og fødevarer.	Australia is a significant exporter of natural resources, energy, and food.
Hvem ringede til ham?	Who called him?
Østrigs finanspolitiske stilling kan sammenlignes med andre eurolande.	Austria's fiscal position compares favorably with other eurozone countries.
Belgiens BNP voksede med 1,7 % i 2017, og budgetunderskuddet var 1,5 % af BNP.	Belgium's GDP grew by 1.7% in 2017, and the budget deficit was 1.5% of GDP.
Eswatini er afhængig af Sydafrika for størstedelen af ​​sin eksport og import.	Eswatini depends on South Africa for a majority of its exports and imports.
Fiji blev uafhængig i 1970 efter næsten et århundrede som britisk koloni.	Fiji became independent in 1970 after nearly a century as a British colony.
Finske økonomer forventer, at BNP vil vokse med 2-3 % i de næste par år.	Finnish economists expect GDP to grow a rate of 2-3% in the next few years.
Historisk set undlod regeringen at bruge så meget, som dens budget tillod.	Historically, the government failed to spend as much as its budget allowed.
I 2012 dannede Mexico Stillehavsalliancen med Peru, Colombia og Chile.	In 2012, Mexico formed the Pacific Alliance with Peru, Colombia, and Chile.
I begyndelsen af ​​det 17. århundrede etablerede franskmændene en tilstedeværelse på Hispaniola.	In the early 17th century, the French established a presence on Hispaniola.
Kasakhstan er uden land og er afhængig af Rusland for at eksportere sin olie til Europa.	Kazakhstan is landlocked and depends on Russia to export its oil to Europe.
I løbet af det sidste årti har Kina været Nordkoreas primære handelspartner.	Over the last decade, China has been North Korea's primary trading partner.
Rwanda rangerer konsekvent godt med hensyn til let at drive forretning og gennemsigtighed.	Rwanda consistently ranks well for ease of doing business and transparency.
Landet står også over for en voksende likviditetskrise og stigende inflation.	The country also is facing a growing liquidity crisis and rising inflation.
Indkomstskattesatsen er også meget lav, omkring en tredjedel af det gennemsnitlige EU-niveau.	The income tax rate is also very low, about one-third the average EU level.
Fremstillingssektoren er den mest forskelligartede i det østlige caribiske område.	The manufacturing sector is the most diverse in the Eastern Caribbean area.
Astana var med succes vært for en internationalt anerkendt udstilling i 2017.	Astana successfully hosted an internationally recognized exposition in 2017.
I mere end tre årtier har olie og global finans drevet De Forenede Arabiske Emiraters økonomi.	For more than three decades, oil and global finance drove the UAE's economy.
I den arabisk-israelske krig i 1967 mistede Syrien Golanhøjderne til Israel.	In the 1967 Arab-Israeli War, Syria lost the Golan Heights region to Israel.
Lavere priser på olie og diamanter resulterede også i, at BNP faldt 0,7 % i 2016.	Lower prices for oil and diamonds also resulted in GDP falling 0.7% in 2016.
Maltas BNP-vækst er fortsat stærk og understøttes af et stærkt arbejdsmarked.	Malta's GDP growth remains strong and is supported by a strong labor market.
Mere end 934.000 turister, hovedsageligt fra USA, besøgte øerne i 2008.	More than 934,000 tourists, mainly from the US, visited the islands in 2008.
Det nominelle BNP, målt i løbende priser, voksede 5,6 % i 2015 og 6,8 % i 2016.	Nominal GDP, measured in current prices, grew 5.6% in 2015 and 6.8% in 2016.
Den offentlige gæld er steget støt siden 2007 og nåede 131 % af BNP i 2017.	Public debt has increased steadily since 2007, reaching 131% of GDP in 2017.
På det seneste har Qatars forhold til dets naboer til tider været anspændt.	Recently, Qatar's relationships with its neighbors have been tense at times.
Caymanianerne nyder en levestandard, der kan sammenlignes med den i Schweiz.	The Caymanians enjoy a standard of living comparable to that of Switzerland.
Franskmændene annekterede forskellige polynesiske øgrupper i løbet af det 19. århundrede.	The French annexed various Polynesian island groups during the 19th century.
Aftalen blev efterfølgende genforhandlet, men detaljer blev ikke oplyst.	The agreement was subsequently renegotiated, but details were not disclosed.
Turisme, detailsalg og finansiering udgør mere end tre fjerdedele af BNP.	Tourism, retail sales, and finance comprise more than three-quarters of GDP.
Østrigs eksport, der tegner sig for omkring 60 % af BNP, steg 8,2 % i 2017.	Austrian exports, accounting for around 60% of the GDP, were up 8.2% in 2017.
BNP-vækst på 4,5 % i 2017 var utilstrækkelig til at gøre en væsentlig forskel.	GDP growth of 4.5% in 2017 was insufficient to make a significant difference.
Fattige, uuddannede unge, der bor i landdistrikter, er hårdest ramt.	Impoverished, uneducated adolescents living in rural areas are most affected.
Japan, USA og Kina er Fransk Polynesiens tre største handelspartnere.	Japan, the US, and China are French Polynesia's three largest trade partners.
Lucias engang solide bananindustri er blevet ødelagt af stærk konkurrence.	Lucia's once solid banana industry has been devastated by strong competition.
Mineralforekomster er ubetydelige; landet har ingen kendte olieforekomster.	Mineral deposits are negligible; the country has no known petroleum deposits.
Mwanawasa blev genvalgt i 2006 ved et valg, der blev anset for frit og retfærdigt.	Mwanawasa was reelected in 2006 in an election that was deemed free and fair.
PNG's regering har for nylig været tvunget til at justere udgiftsniveauet nedad.	PNG's government has recently been forced to adjust spending levels downward.
Dårlig infrastruktur hindrer spredningen af ​​vækst til Perus ikke-kystnære områder.	Poor infrastructure hinders the spread of growth to Peru's non-coastal areas.
Vedvarende energi og dybhavsminedrift giver også muligheder for investeringer.	Renewable energy and deep-sea mining also offer opportunities for investment.
Betydelig uformel markedsaktivitet blomstrer, og korruption er udbredt.	Significant informal market activity flourishes and corruption is widespread.
I denne verden stopper had aldrig had.	In this world, hatred never ends hatred.
Siden da har en række pro-europæiske regerende koalitioner styret Moldova.	Since then, a series of pro-European ruling coalitions have governed Moldova.
Den venezuelanske regering har opretholdt streng valutakontrol siden 2003.	The Venezuelan Government has maintained strict currency controls since 2003.
Landet har oplevet et opsving i guldefterforskning, produktion og eksport.	The country has seen an upswing in gold exploration, production, and exports.
Landets landbrugsbase er i høj grad afhængig af statsstøtte.	The country's agricultural base is largely dependent on government subsidies.
Et kupforsøg blev lavet i juli 2016 af en fraktion af de tyrkiske væbnede styrker.	A coup attempt was made in July 2016 by a faction of the Turkish Armed Forces.
En række forfatninger efter Anden Verdenskrig gav Nigeria større autonomi.	A series of constitutions after World War II granted Nigeria greater autonomy.
Ahmad Shah Durrani forenede de pashtunske stammer og grundlagde Afghanistan i 1747.	Ahmad Shah Durrani unified the Pashtun tribes and founded Afghanistan in 1747.
Burkina Faso (tidligere Øvre Volta) opnåede uafhængighed fra Frankrig i 1960.	Burkina Faso (formerly Upper Volta) achieved independence from France in 1960.
Guyana har oplevet positiv vækst næsten hvert år i løbet af det sidste årti.	Guyana has experienced positive growth almost every year over the past decade.
I 1997 erklærede øerne Anjouan og Moheli uafhængighed fra Comorerne.	In 1997, the islands of Anjouan and Moheli declared independence from Comoros.
Korea genvandt sin uafhængighed efter Japans overgivelse til USA i 1945.	Korea regained its independence following Japan's surrender to the US in 1945.
Den forventede levealder er blevet forbedret, især blandt unge og fattige.	Life expectancy has been improving, most notably among the young and the poor.
I mellemtiden steg Frankrigs offentlige gæld fra 89,5 % af BNP i 2012 til 97 % i 2017.	Meanwhile, France's public debt rose from 89.5% of GDP in 2012 to 97% in 2017.
Mineralressourcer omfatter sølv, guld, uran, antimon, wolfram og kul.	Mineral resources include silver, gold, uranium, antimony, tungsten, and coal.
New Zealands støtte udgør 80 % af Tokelaus tilbagevendende statsbudget.	New Zealand's support amounts to 80% of Tokelau's recurrent government budget.
Norges indenlandske elproduktion er næsten udelukkende afhængig af vandkraft.	Norway's domestic electricity production relies almost entirely on hydropower.
Pakistans BNP-vækst er gradvist steget siden 2012 og var 5,3 % i 2017.	Pakistan's GDP growth has gradually increased since 2012 and was 5.3% in 2017.
Jeg kan godt lide suppe.	I like soup.
Portugal er et stiftende medlem af NATO og kom ind i EF (nu EU) i 1986.	Portugal is a founding member of NATO and entered the EC (now the EU) in 1986.
Dette hus vil snart bryde sammen.	This house will soon collapse.
Jeg kigger på dig.	I am looking at you.
Betydelig fødevarehjælp blev ydet af det internationale samfund gennem 2009.	Significant food aid was provided by the international community through 2009.
Denne dato fejres stadig den første mandag i oktober som territoriets dag.	That date is still celebrated on the first Monday in October as Territory Day.
Øerne og atollerne har få naturressourcer, og importen overstiger eksporten.	The islands and atolls have few natural resources, and imports exceed exports.
Øerne har siden 1300-tallet været politisk forbundet med Danmark.	The islands have been connected politically to Denmark since the 14th century.
Turisme, den primære økonomiske aktivitet, er den vigtigste drivkraft for økonomisk vækst.	Tourism, the primary economic activity, is the main driver of economic growth.
Den økonomiske vækst faldt årligt fra knap 5 % i 2012 til -10,4 % i 2016.	Economic growth declined annually from just under 5% in 2012 to -10.4% in 2016.
Grytviken på Sydgeorgien var en hvalfangststation fra det 19. og begyndelsen af ​​det 20. århundrede.	Grytviken, on South Georgia, was a 19th and early 20th-century whaling station.
I 2014 var næsten 60 % af den toldberettigede import til Kosovo EU-varer.	In 2014, nearly 60% of customs duty-eligible imports into Kosovo were EU goods.
I 1960'erne blev øen en vigtig rumsporingsstation for USA.	In the 1960s, the island became an important space tracking station for the US.
Kun Diego Garcia, den største og sydligste af øerne, er beboet.	Only Diego Garcia, the largest and most southerly of the islands, is inhabited.
Modstand fra indfødte Cariberne forhindrede kolonisering på Saint Vincent indtil 1719.	Resistance by native Caribs prevented colonization on Saint Vincent until 1719.
Den fransk-siamesiske traktat af 1907 definerede den nuværende Laos grænse til Thailand.	The Franco-Siamese Treaty of 1907 defined the current Lao border with Thailand.
Resultatet af det eksperiment var katastrofalt.	The outcome of that experiment was disastrous.
De Forenede Arabiske Emiraters BNP pr. indbygger er på niveau med førende vesteuropæiske nationers.	The UAE's per capita GDP is on par with those of leading West European nations.
Jeg købte Tom, hvad jeg lovede at købe.	I bought Tom what I promised to buy.
USSR var USA's største modstander under den kolde krig (1947-1991).	The USSR was the principal adversary of the US during the Cold War (1947-1991).
Konflikten i Syrien er fortsat en af ​​de største humanitære kriser i verden.	The conflict in Syria remains one of the largest humanitarian crises worldwide.
Landet skal importere en stor del af sine fødevarer, hovedsageligt fra New Zealand.	The country must import a high proportion of its food, mainly from New Zealand.
Øernes sukkerindustri blev ramt af slavernes frigørelse i 1834.	The islands' sugar industry was hurt by the emancipation of the slaves in 1834.
Uruguays politiske forhold og arbejdsforhold er blandt de frieste på kontinentet.	Uruguay's political and labor conditions are among the freest on the continent.
Bhutan underskrev en pagt i december 2014 om at udvide toldfri handel med Bangladesh.	Bhutan signed a pact in December 2014 to expand duty-free trade with Bangladesh.
Kina er også øens største destination for udenlandske direkte investeringer.	China is also the island's number one destination for foreign direct investment.
Indtjening fra Naurus eksport af fosfat er fortsat en vigtig indtægtskilde.	Earnings from Nauru's export of phosphate remains an important source of income.
Ecuadors økonomi faldt i recession i 2015 og forblev i recession i 2016.	Ecuador's economy fell into recession in 2015 and remained in recession in 2016.
Yanni og jeg har ikke været i Algeriet i fire år.	Yanni and I haven't been in Algeria for four years.
I 2013 blev indtægterne fra fisketegn fordoblet og udgjorde mere end 45 % af BNP.	In 2013, revenue from fishing licenses doubled and totaled more than 45% of GDP.
Yanni vil skrive en bog om Algeriet.	Yanni wants to write a book about Algeria.
I december 2015 gennemførte Tchad en to-årig rotation i FN's Sikkerhedsråd.	In December 2015, Chad completed a two-year rotation on the UN Security Council.
Inflationen i samme periode forblev tam og valutaen kunaen stabil.	Inflation over the same period remained tame and the currency, the kuna, stable.
Yanni er en algerisk journalist.	Yanni is an Algerian journalist.
Liechtenstein blev fuldstændig uafhængig i 1866, da Forbundet blev opløst.	Liechtenstein became fully independent in 1866 when the Confederation dissolved.
Tekstiler og landbrug står tilsammen for næsten 50 % af Nicaraguas eksport.	Textiles and agriculture combined account for nearly 50% of Nicaragua's exports.
Den britiske regering forpligtede sig til at bygge en lufthavn på Saint Helena i 2005.	The British Government committed to building an airport on Saint Helena in 2005.
Briterne oprettede en handelsstation nær det nuværende Freetown i det 17. århundrede.	The British set up a trading post near present-day Freetown in the 17th century.
Spanierne generobrede øen i 1633, men blev ved med at blive chikaneret af hollænderne.	The Spanish retook the island in 1633 but continued to be harassed by the Dutch.
Kommunisterne under Vladimir Lenin tog magten kort efter og dannede USSR.	The communists under Vladimir Lenin seized power soon after and formed the USSR.
Jordskælvet blev vurderet som det værste i denne region gennem de sidste 200 år.	The earthquake was assessed as the worst in this region over the last 200 years.
Økonomien begyndte at deflatere i 2017, hvor forbrugerprisindekset faldt 0,8 %.	The economy began deflating in 2017, with the consumer price index falling 0.8%.
Indbyggerne i Oman-området har længe haft fremgang fra handel i Det Indiske Ocean.	The inhabitants of the area of Oman have long prospered from Indian Ocean trade.
Elsker du livet?	Do you love life?
Så spild ikke tiden!	Then don't waste time!
For det er det, livet er lavet af.	Because that's the stuff life is made of.
Ulige adgang til kvalitetsuddannelse fastholder denne ulige indkomstfordeling.	Unequal access to quality education perpetuates this uneven income distribution.
Australien spiller en aktiv rolle i WTO, APEC, G20 og andre handelsfora.	Australia plays an active role in the WTO, APEC, the G20, and other trade forums.
Elsker du livet?	Dost thou love life?
Så spild ikke tid, for det er det, livet er lavet af.	Then do not squander time, for that is the stuff life is made of.
Jeg kan ikke lide katte, og det gør min bror heller ikke.	I don't like cats, nor does my brother.
Kinesiske investeringer spiller en voksende rolle i infrastruktur- og energisektoren.	Chinese investment plays a growing role in the infrastructure and energy sectors.
Kroatien blev medlem af EU den 1. juli 2013 efter en tiår lang tiltrædelsesproces.	Croatia joined the EU on July 1, 2013, following a decade-long accession process.
Tidlige spanske og franske bosættelser blev efterfulgt af en engelsk koloni i 1667.	Early Spanish and French settlements were succeeded by an English colony in 1667.
Europæiske opdagelsesrejsende begyndte at etablere fodfæste i Indien i løbet af det 16. århundrede.	European explorers began establishing footholds in India during the 16th century.
BNP-væksten blev positiv i 2017, da oliepriserne rettede sig, og produktionen stabiliserede sig.	GDP growth turned positive in 2017 as oil prices recovered and output stabilized.
Du har gjort mig sur.	You have made me mad.
I 1888 blev Brunei et britisk protektorat; uafhængighed blev opnået i 1984.	In 1888, Brunei became a British protectorate; independence was achieved in 1984.
I 1959 blev øerne et territorium inden for Føderationen af ​​Vestindien.	In 1959, the islands became a territory within the Federation of the West Indies.
Isle of Man er en britisk kroneafhængighed, men er ikke en del af Storbritannien eller EU.	Isle of Man is a British Crown dependency but is not part of the UK or of the EU.
Laos' økonomi er stærkt afhængig af kapitalintensiv eksport af naturressourcer.	Laos' economy is heavily dependent on capital-intensive natural resource exports.
Jeg gik i skoven for at samle nogle træstammer.	I went to the woods to collect some logs.
Lette skatter og dødsafgifter gør øen til et populært offshore finanscenter.	Light taxes and death duties make the island a popular offshore financial center.
Begrænset landbrug og lokalt fiskeri betyder, at næsten al mad skal importeres.	Limited agriculture and local fishing mean that almost all food must be imported.
Meget af Guyanas vækst i de seneste år er kommet fra en stigning i guldproduktionen.	Much of Guyana's growth in recent years has come from a surge in gold production.
Nepal er stærkt afhængig af pengeoverførsler, som udgør så meget som 30 % af BNP.	Nepal is heavily dependent on remittances, which amount to as much as 30% of GDP.
Den private sektors investeringer i 2017 nærmede sig 20 % af BNP sammenlignet med 13 % i 2013.	Private sector investment in 2017 approached 20% of GDP, compared to 13% in 2013.
Saudiarabiske embedsmænd er særligt fokuserede på at beskæftige sin store ungdomsbefolkning.	Saudi officials are particularly focused on employing its large youth population.
Franskmændene administrerede området som Syrien, indtil de gav det uafhængighed i 1946.	The French administered the area as Syria until granting it independence in 1946.
Jersey-racen af ​​malkekvæg stammer fra øen og er kendt over hele verden.	The Jersey breed of dairy cattle originated on the island and is known worldwide.
Det gennemsnitlige antal fødsler pr. kvinde faldt fra 5,6 i 2005 til 4,5 i 2016.	The average number of births per woman decreased from 5.6 in 2005 to 4.5 in 2016.
Året efter gav Portugal uafhængighed til alle sine afrikanske kolonier.	The following year, Portugal granted independence to all of its African colonies.
Øerne var den eneste britiske jord besat af tyske tropper i Anden Verdenskrig.	The islands were the only British soil occupied by German troops in World War II.
Turisme, mineraler, kaffe og te er Rwandas vigtigste kilder til udenlandsk valuta.	Tourism, minerals, coffee, and tea are Rwanda's main sources of foreign exchange.
En fredsaftale i 2006 førte til offentliggørelsen af ​​en midlertidig forfatning i 2007.	A peace accord in 2006 led to the promulgation of an interim constitution in 2007.
Asylansøgningerne steg markant i USA og Brasilien i 2016 og 2017.	Asylum applications increased significantly in the US and Brazil in 2016 and 2017.
Det akademiske år er slut.	The academic year is over.
Der er mere information i weekenden på BBCs hjemmeside.	There is more information during weekends on the BBC website.
Pas på de to.	Look out for those two.
Alle ved, at jeg elsker fregner.	Everyone knows I love freckles.
Sagde han ikke lige, at han ville gå på pension?	Didn't he just say that he would retire?
Belizes afhængighed af energiimport gør det modtageligt for energiprischok.	Belize's dependence on energy imports makes it susceptible to energy price shocks.
Det er min holdning.	This is my attitude.
Det er altid trist at se anderledes på tingene, når man allerede har tilpasset sig det.	It's always sad to look at things differently when you have already adapted yourself to it.
Nu kan jeg prale af mig selv.	Now I can brag myself.
Had mig!	Hate me!
Colombias udenlandske direkte investeringer faldt med 3 % til $10,2 milliarder mellem januar og september 2017.	Colombia's FDI declined by 3% to $10.2 billion between January and September 2017.
"Kys mig."	"Kiss me."
"Gå i bad."	"Go take a shower."
Kom nu, sådan nogle piger.	Come on, girls like that.
Luigi er Marios bror.	Luigi is Mario's brother.
For dig, Skura, hvad som helst!	For you, Skura, anything!
Opdaget og gjort krav på Spanien i 1499, blev Aruba erhvervet af hollænderne i 1636.	Discovered and claimed for Spain in 1499, Aruba was acquired by the Dutch in 1636.
Det står ikke i manuskriptet.	That's not in the script.
Jeg havde mange affærer i mit liv.	I had a lot of affairs in my life.
"Det står ikke i manuskriptet."	"That's not in the script."
"Improvisere."	"Improvise."
Har du nogensinde besøgt Uruguay?	Have you ever visited Uruguay?
De torturerede fanger.	They tortured prisoners.
Hvis al overfladeisen på jorden smeltede fuldt ud, ville havniveauet stige omkring 70 m.	If all the surface ice on earth fully melted, the sea level would rise about 70 m.
Hagekorsene burde have rejst en vis mistanke.	The swastikas should have raised some suspicion.
Det afhænger af nogens holdning.	It depends on someone's attitude.
Yanni er så modig.	Yanni is so brave.
Hvem af jer spiller?	Who among you plays?
Hvem af jer spiller?	Who among you gambles?
Jeg besluttede at fortælle ham, at jeg er ved at blive forelsket i ham.	I decided to tell him that I am falling in love with him.
Er det hele forfærdeligt?	Is it all terrible?
Du plejede at tale gennem din næse.	You used to talk through your nose.
Jamaica trak sig ud af føderationen i 1961 og opnåede fuld uafhængighed i 1962.	Jamaica withdrew from the Federation in 1961 and gained full independence in 1962.
Hvis du er allergisk over for acarus, skal du rense dit sengetøj, dit tæppe og dine tæpper.	If you're allergic to acarus, you need to clean your bedclothes, your carpet and your rugs.
Dem kan du ikke leve med.	You can't live with those.
Du har malet huset om.	You repainted the house.
Denne barbering er ikke perfekt.	This shave is not perfect.
Hvor længe bliver de her?	How long are they staying here?
Ilden kom ud af kontrol.	The fire got out of control.
Joseph Mobutu tog magten og erklærede sig selv som præsident ved et kup i november 1965.	Joseph Mobutu seized power and declared himself president in a November 1965 coup.
Da mobiltelefoner findes, bruger jeg ikke fastnet længere.	Since mobile phones exist, I don't use the landline anymore.
Stop med at skælde mig ud!	Stop scolding me!
Jeg var ved at folde mine skjorter.	I was folding my shirts.
Mere end 80% af Guyanese statsborgere med videregående uddannelser er emigreret.	More than 80% of Guyanese nationals with tertiary level educations have emigrated.
Du snyder ofte.	You often cheat.
Gør dig tilpas.	Make yourself at ease.
Det meste af Kosovos befolkning bor i landlige byer uden for hovedstaden Pristina.	Most of Kosovo's population lives in rural towns outside of the capital, Pristina.
Oprindeligt involverede handelen tømmer og elfenben, men senere udvidede den sig til slaver.	Originally the trade involved timber and ivory, but later it expanded into slaves.
Pastoralister og nomader flytter sæsonmæssigt til det sydlige Mali eller nærliggende kyststater.	Pastoralists and nomads move seasonally to southern Mali or nearby coastal states.
Præsident Moi trådte tilbage i december 2002 efter retfærdige og fredelige valg.	President Moi stepped down in December 2002 following fair and peaceful elections.
Overførsler fra omkring 300.000 comoranere bidrager med omkring 25% af landets BNP.	Remittances from about 300,000 Comorans contribute about 25% of the country's GDP.
Han må ikke forlade sit hus.	He is not allowed to leave his house.
Du inviterede dem til middag.	You invited them for dinner.
Rusland erobrede det nuværende Usbekistans territorium i slutningen af ​​det 19. århundrede.	Russia conquered the territory of present-day Uzbekistan in the late 19th century.
Nogle virksomheder klager over uigennemsigtige regler og ulige håndhævelse af loven.	Some businesses complain of opaque regulations and unequal enforcement of the law.
Området har forvandlet sig til et betydeligt offshore finanscenter.	The territory has transformed itself into a significant offshore financial center.
Ustabil bistand og investeringstilstrømning har begrænset vækst, og fattigdommen er fortsat høj.	Volatile aid and investment inflows have limited growth, and poverty remains high.
En demokratisk republik erstattede monarkiet i 1946, og økonomisk genoplivning fulgte.	A democratic republic replaced the monarchy in 1946, and economic revival followed.
Efter en 20-årig fransk besættelse blev et kongerige Holland dannet i 1815.	After a 20-year French occupation, a Kingdom of the Netherlands was formed in 1815.
Jeg blev bange i flyet.	I got scared on the plane.
Jeg vil gerne lege med dig på sengen.	I would like to play with you on the bed.
Fortsatte kampe i den nye nation forstyrrer det, der er tilbage af økonomien.	Continued fighting within the new nation is disrupting what remains of the economy.
Hovedpine har forskellig oprindelse.	Headaches have different origins.
Det får du mig ikke til at tro.	You will not make me believe that.
Du ser altid ulykkelig ud.	You always look unhappy.
Kan jeg hjælpe dig?	Can I help you?
Nej, ingen kan hjælpe mig!	No, nobody can help me!
Alle sæt dine ure!	Everybody set your watches!
Jill er den eneste kvinde i vores klub.	Jill is the only woman in our club.
Jeg sluttede mig til mine venner igen.	I rejoined my friends.
Hvornår sluttede du dig til dem igen?	When did you rejoin them?
I løbet af 1920'erne og 1930'erne ansporede fremskridt inden for minedrift udvikling og immigration.	During the 1920s and 1930s, advances in mining spurred development and immigration.
Svale!	Swallow!
Jeg skriver ikke mere.	I don't write anymore.
Overgivelse!	Surrender!
Egypten valgte en ny lovgivende forsamling i december 2015, dets første parlament siden 2012.	Egypt elected a new legislature in December 2015, its first parliament since 2012.
Skamløs.	Shameless.
Datter af en hore!	Daughter of a whore!
Der er også historiske forskelle mellem centralhøjlændere og kystfolk.	Historical distinctions also remain between central highlanders and coastal people.
I 2017 kom Argentinas økonomi ud af recession med en BNP-vækst på næsten 3,0 %.	In 2017, Argentina's economy emerged from recession with GDP growth of nearly 3.0%.
I september 2017 ødelagde orkanen Irma 95 % af den franske side af Saint Martin.	In September 2017, Hurricane Irma destroyed 95% of the French side of Saint Martin.
I de senere år har den økonomiske vækst været drevet af minedrift - især jernmalm.	In recent years, economic growth has been driven by mining - particularly iron ore.
Inflationen toppede med over 800 % om året i oktober 2016, men faldt til 118 % i 2017.	Inflation peaked at over 800% per year in October 2016 but dropped to 118% in 2017.
Madagaskar var en af ​​de sidste store landmasser på jorden, der blev koloniseret af mennesker.	Madagascar was one of the last major landmasses on earth to be colonized by humans.
Malta blev medlem af EU i maj 2004 og begyndte at bruge euroen som valuta i 2008.	Malta became an EU member in May 2004 and began using the euro as currency in 2008.
Mogadishus hovedmarked tilbyder en række varer, fra mad til elektroniske gadgets.	Mogadishu's main market offers a variety of goods, from food to electronic gadgets.
Niue har skåret ned på de offentlige udgifter ved at reducere den offentlige service med næsten det halve.	Niue has cut government expenditures by reducing the public service by almost half.
Nylige testboringer efter olie kan bane vejen for udvikling af energisektoren.	Recent test drilling for oil may pave the way for development of the energy sector.
Sudan var underlagt omfattende amerikanske sanktioner, som blev ophævet i oktober 2017.	Sudan was subject to comprehensive US sanctions, which were lifted in October 2017.
Panamakanalen blev bygget af US Army Corps of Engineers mellem 1904 og 1914.	The Panama Canal was built by the US Army Corps of Engineers between 1904 and 1914.
Den resulterende etnokulturelle kløft har bestået og har ført til turbulent politik.	The resulting ethnocultural divide has persisted and has led to turbulent politics.
Salget af frimærker til udenlandske samlere er en vigtig indtægtskilde.	The sale of postage stamps to foreign collectors is an important source of revenue.
Disse øer var den eneste britiske jord besat af tyske tropper i Anden Verdenskrig.	These islands were the only British soil occupied by German troops in World War II.
Dette land med lavere mellemindkomst er fortsat sårbart over for naturlige og eksterne chok.	This lower-middle-income country remains vulnerable to natural and external shocks.
Det anslås, at 40 % af verdens offshore olieproduktion kommer fra Det Indiske Ocean.	An estimated 40% of the world's offshore oil production comes from the Indian Ocean.
Som Ceylon blev det selvstændigt i 1948; dens navn blev ændret til Sri Lanka i 1972.	As Ceylon, it became independent in 1948; its name was changed to Sri Lanka in 1972.
Basutoland blev omdøbt til Kongeriget Lesotho efter uafhængigheden fra Storbritannien i 1966.	Basutoland was renamed the Kingdom of Lesotho upon independence from the UK in 1966.
Belizeans emigrerer også til Canada, Mexico og engelsktalende caribiske lande.	Belizeans also emigrate to Canada, Mexico, and English-speaking Caribbean countries.
Mellem 1935 og 1947 blev Midway brugt som et optankningsstop for transpacific-flyvninger.	Between 1935 and 1947, Midway was used as a refueling stop for transpacific flights.
Burkinabe migrerede også til Ghana, Mali og Senegal for at arbejde mellem verdenskrigene.	Burkinabe also migrated to Ghana, Mali, and Senegal for work between the world wars.
Du har en uovertruffen åben parentes i din første sætning.	You have an unmatched open parenthesis in your first sentence.
Tom blev slugt af et sort hul.	Tom was swallowed by a black hole.
I 2013 var økonomien faldet med 26 % sammenlignet med niveauet før krisen i 2007.	By 2013, the economy had contracted 26%, compared with the pre-crisis level of 2007.
Tom blev slugt af en hval.	Tom was swallowed by a whale.
Kinesiske og koreanske turister har fortrængt japanske turister i de sidste par år.	Chinese and Korean tourists have supplanted Japanese tourists in the last few years.
Tom købte et hammerhåndtag.	Tom bought a hammer handle.
Tom købte en pakke kabelbindere.	Tom bought a pack of cable ties.
Kroniske problemer omfatter mangel på kvalificeret arbejdskraft og en mangelfuld infrastruktur.	Chronic problems include a shortage of skilled labor and a deficient infrastructure.
Tom købte en båd.	Tom bought a boat.
Costa Ricas imponerende biodiversitet gør det også til en nøgledestination for økoturisme.	Costa Rica's impressive biodiversity also makes it a key destination for ecotourism.
I løbet af det 19. århundrede blev der foretaget flere territoriale erhvervelser i Europa og Asien.	During the 19th century, more territorial acquisitions were made in Europe and Asia.
Frankrig, Comorernes kolonimagt, er fortsat en vigtig handelspartner og bilateral donor.	France, Comoros's colonial power, remains a key trading partner and bilateral donor.
Tom blev angrebet af en kæmpe guldsmede.	Tom was attacked by a giant dragonfly.
Jeg sværger, jeg har absolut ingenting.	I swear I have absolutely nothing.
Tom blev angrebet af en kæmpe bedstemor.	Tom was attacked by a giant grandma.
Fra 2010 til 2017 steg antallet af turister, der besøgte Island med næsten 400 %.	From 2010 to 2017, the number of tourists visiting Iceland increased by nearly 400%.
Tom blev angrebet af en kæmpe gammel dame.	Tom was attacked by a giant old lady.
I 2008, under finanskrisen, ramte det offentlige budgetunderskud 5,3 % af BNP.	In 2008, during the financial crisis, the government budget deficit hit 5.3% of GDP.
I april 2013 ændrede regeringen sin minedriftskodeks for at reducere skatter og royalties.	In April 2013, the government amended its mining code to reduce taxes and royalties.
I de seneste år har regeringen forsøgt at imødegå langvarige maori-klager.	In recent years, the government has sought to address longstanding Maori grievances.
Irland var neutralt i Anden Verdenskrig og fortsætter sin politik med militær neutralitet.	Ireland was neutral in World War II and continues its policy of military neutrality.
Juan Bosch blev valgt til præsident i 1962, men blev afsat ved et militærkup i 1963.	Juan Bosch was elected president in 1962 but was deposed in a military coup in 1963.
Produktionsaktiviteter er begrænset til frugtforarbejdning, tøj og kunsthåndværk.	Manufacturing activities are limited to fruit processing, clothing, and handicrafts.
De ligner slet ikke hinanden.	They don't look alike at all.
Nordamerika består af 23 suveræne stater, Oceanien har 14 og Sydamerika 12.	North America consists of 23 sovereign states, Oceania has 14, and South America 12.
Af de 41 Bangladesh godkendte tv-stationer bliver 26 i øjeblikket brugt til at sende.	Of the 41 Bangladesh approved TV stations, 26 are currently being used to broadcast.
Olie- og gasindtægter tegnede sig for omkring 25 % af BNP og 65 % af statens indtægter.	Oil and gas earnings accounted for roughly 25% of GDP and 65% of government revenue.
Sæt ordet i parentes.	Put the word in parentheses.
Jeg er en indfødt ungarsk.	I am a native Hungarian.
Slaveriet, der blev oprettet for at drive sukkerplantagerne på Antigua, blev afskaffet i 1834.	Slavery, established to run the sugar plantations on Antigua, was abolished in 1834.
Hvad betyder dette bogstav i parentes?	What does this parenthesized letter mean?
Hvad betyder dette bogstav i parentes?	What does this letter in parentheses mean?
FC Dynamo Kyiv præsenterer deres nye spilledragt.	FC Dynamo Kyiv are presenting their new kit.
Det Schweiziske Forbund sikrede sin uafhængighed fra Det Hellige Romerske Rige i 1499.	The Swiss Confederation secured its independence from the Holy Roman Empire in 1499.
Hvad betyder disse bogstaver i parentes?	What do these parenthesized letters mean?
Hvad betyder disse bogstaver i parentes?	What do these letters in parentheses mean?
En muldvarp pruttede gennem græsset efter at have slugt en håndfuld korn.	A mole farted through grass, having swallowed a handful of grains.
Året efter blev Ellice-øerne den separate britiske koloni Tuvalu.	The following year, the Ellice Islands became the separate British colony of Tuvalu.
En blodløs revolution i 1932 førte til etableringen af ​​et konstitutionelt monarki.	A bloodless revolution in 1932 led to the establishment of a constitutional monarchy.
Sonia fik et A i matematik.	Sonia got an A in mathematics.
En foreslået folkeafstemning fandt aldrig sted på grund af manglende enighed om valgberettigelse.	A proposed referendum never took place due to lack of agreement on voter eligibility.
Landbruget tegner sig for over 40 % af BNP og beskæftiger mere end 90 % af befolkningen.	Agriculture accounts for over 40% of GDP and employs more than 90% of the population.
Som et resultat af ødelæggelsen er mange Puerto Ricanere emigreret til det amerikanske fastland.	As a result of the destruction, many Puerto Ricans have emigrated to the US mainland.
Batswana har arbejdet som minearbejdere i Sydafrika siden det 19. århundrede.	Batswana have been working as contract miners in South Africa since the 19th century.
Mellem 1935 og 1947 blev Midway brugt som et optankningsstop for flyvninger over Stillehavet.	Between 1935 and 1947, Midway was used as a refueling stop for trans-Pacific flights.
Britisk bosættelse af øerne begyndte i 1647; øerne blev en koloni i 1783.	British settlement of the islands began in 1647; the islands became a colony in 1783.
Burma fungerede som formand for Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) i 2014.	Burma served as chair of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) for 2014.
Samfundet er en kult.	Society is a cult.
Frankrig afgav besiddelse til Storbritannien i 1763, som koloniserede øen i 1805.	France ceded possession to Great Britain in 1763, which colonized the island in 1805.
Der blev afholdt parlamentsvalg i april 2017, og vælgerne valgte præsident Lenin Moreno.	General elections were held in April 2017, and voters elected President Lenin Moreno.
I 1870 blev pavens besiddelser yderligere afgrænset, da selve Rom blev annekteret.	In 1870, the pope's holdings were further circumscribed when Rome itself was annexed.
I 1980 indledte et militærkup ledet af Samuel Doe et årti med autoritært styre.	In 1980, a military coup led by Samuel Doe ushered in a decade of authoritarian rule.
I de senere år har regeringen forsøgt at reducere priskontrol og tilskud.	In recent years, the government has attempted to reduce price controls and subsidies.
Uafhængigt i over 300 år blev Island efterfølgende styret af Norge og Danmark.	Independent for over 300 years, Iceland was subsequently ruled by Norway and Denmark.
Italiens økonomi vendte tilbage til beskeden vækst i slutningen af ​​2014 for første gang siden 2011.	Italy's economy returned to modest growth in late 2014 for the first time since 2011.
Over tre fjerdedele af Canadas vareeksport er bestemt til USA hvert år.	Over three-fourths of Canada's merchandise exports are destined for the US each year.
Successive regeringer har undladt at håndtere landets smuldrende infrastruktur.	Successive governments have failed to address the country's crumbling infrastructure.
Landets første præsident, Habib Bourguiba, etablerede en streng etpartistat.	The country's first president, Habib Bourguiba, established a strict one-party state.
Regeringen har gennemført reformer af budgetprocessen og på nogle andre områder.	The government has implemented reforms to the budget process and in some other areas.
Tonga har en rimelig sund grundlæggende infrastruktur og veludviklede sociale tjenester.	Tonga has a reasonably sound basic infrastructure and well developed social services.
Turisme er den næststørste kilde til indtjening i hård valuta efter pengeoverførsler.	Tourism is the second-largest source of hard currency earnings following remittances.
Rejser mellem bygderne udføres med snescootere, fly og både.	Travel between the settlements is accomplished with snowmobiles, aircraft, and boats.
Samfundet er en kult.	Society's a cult.
Vietnams offentlige gæld i forhold til BNP nærmer sig det regeringsmanderede loft på 65 %.	Vietnam's public debt to GDP ratio is nearing the government-mandated ceiling of 65%.
Landbruget er fortsat rygraden i den kenyanske økonomi og bidrager med en tredjedel af BNP.	Agriculture remains the backbone of the Kenyan economy, contributing one-third of GDP.
Albanien allierede sig først med USSR (indtil 1960) og derefter med Kina (til 1978).	Albania allied itself first with the USSR (until 1960), and then with China (to 1978).
Aziz blev efterfølgende valgt til præsident i juli 2009 og svoret i den følgende måned.	Aziz was subsequently elected president in July 2009 and sworn in the following month.
I øjeblikket modtager Makedonien sine små naturgasforsyninger fra Rusland via Bulgarien.	Currently, Macedonia receives its small natural gas supplies from Russia via Bulgaria.
Det skønnes, at over 300.000 mennesker blev dræbt, og omkring 1,5 millioner blev hjemløse.	Estimates are that over 300,000 people were killed and some 1.5 million left homeless.
Den europæiske immigration begyndte også at aftage i 1930'erne på grund af den globale depression.	European immigration also began to wane in the 1930s because of the global depression.
Tidligere kommunister dominerede regeringen indtil 1996, hvor de blev fejet fra magten.	Former communists dominated the government until 1996 when they were swept from power.
Tom var den eneste, der var villig til at henvende sig til elefanten i rummet.	Tom was the only one willing to address the elephant in the room.
I 1816 erklærede de Forenede provinser i Rio Plata deres uafhængighed fra Spanien.	In 1816, the United Provinces of the Rio Plata declared their independence from Spain.
I 2015 dannede Singapore sammen med de andre ASEAN-medlemmer ASEAN Economic Community.	In 2015, Singapore formed, with the other ASEAN members, the ASEAN Economic Community.
Jeg arbejder ved computeren og lytter til klaver- og cembalostykker af Handel og Rameau.	I work at the computer listening to piano and harpsichord pieces by Handel and Rameau.
I 2016 tegnede sektoren for finansielle tjenesteydelser sig for omkring 41 % af øens produktion.	In 2016, the financial services sector accounted for about 41% of the island's output.
Industrien tegner sig for næsten 22 % af BNP, mens den beskæftiger mindre end 6 % af arbejdsstyrken.	Industry accounts for nearly 22% of GDP while employing less than 6% of the workforce.
Irland tilsluttede sig Det Europæiske Fællesskab i 1973 og euroområdets valutaunion i 1999.	Ireland joined the European Community in 1973 and the eurozone currency union in 1999.
Kuwait brugte mere end 5 milliarder dollars på at reparere olieinfrastruktur beskadiget i 1990-91.	Kuwait spent more than $5 billion to repair oil infrastructure damaged during 1990-91.
New Zealands fulde deltagelse i en række forsvarsalliancer bortfaldt i 1980'erne.	New Zealand's full participation in a number of defense alliances lapsed by the 1980s.
Forholdet mellem etniske makedonere og etniske albanere er dog stadig komplicerede.	Relations between ethnic Macedonians and ethnic Albanians remain complicated, however.
Jeg er en gammel hebræer.	I'm an ancient Hebrew.
Rige alluviale diamantforekomster gør Namibia til en primær kilde til diamanter af ædelstenskvalitet.	Rich alluvial diamond deposits make Namibia a primary source for gem-quality diamonds.
Selvstyre for Salomonøerne kom i 1976 og uafhængighed to år senere.	Self-government for the Solomon Islands came in 1976 and independence two years later.
Storbritannien annekterede det sydlige Rhodesia fra det tidligere British South Africa Company i 1923.	The UK annexed Southern Rhodesia from the former British South Africa Company in 1923.
Landet importerer næsten alle dets nødvendige forsyninger af naturgas og olieprodukter.	The country imports nearly all of its needed supplies of natural gas and oil products.
Økonomien er afhængig af fremstilling og eksport, hovedsagelig drevet af udenlandske investeringer.	The economy relies on manufacturing and exports, driven largely by foreign investment.
Regeringen forvalter landets petroleumsressourcer gennem omfattende regulering.	The government manages the country's petroleum resources through extensive regulation.
Det nye land manglede politisk stabilitet og oplevede en række militærkup.	The new country lacked political stability and experienced a series of military coups.
Denne store afhængighed af eksport udsætter økonomien for udsving i den globale efterspørgsel.	This heavy dependence on exports exposes the economy to fluctuations in global demand.
Handel er vigtig, idet eksporten har tegnet sig for over en tredjedel af BNP i de seneste år.	Trade is important, with exports accounting for over one-third of GDP in recent years.
Arbejdsløshed er fortsat et problem i hele landet på trods af en oppustet offentlig sektor.	Unemployment remains a problem throughout the country despite a bloated public sector.
Tom havde en hård dag i går.	Tom had a hard day yesterday.
Hun kommer ofte forbi mig.	She often comes over my place.
En grænsekrig med Eritrea i slutningen af ​​1990'erne endte med en fredsaftale i december 2000.	A border war with Eritrea in the late 1990s ended with a peace treaty in December 2000.
Et sultanat siden det 12. århundrede blev Maldiverne et britisk protektorat i 1887.	A sultanate since the 12th century, the Maldives became a British protectorate in 1887.
Næsten fem århundreder som portugisisk koloni sluttede med uafhængigheden i 1975.	Almost five centuries as a Portuguese colony came to a close with independence in 1975.
Canada hjemsendte sin forfatning fra Det Forenede Kongerige i 1982 og afbrød det endelige koloniale bånd.	Canada repatriated its constitution from the UK in 1982, severing a final colonial tie.
Afhængigt af den anvendte konvention kan antallet af kontinenter variere fra fem til syv.	Depending on the convention used, the number of continents can vary from five to seven.
Zamenhof var en Ashkenazi-jøde.	Zamenhof was an Ashkenazi Jew.
Hongkongs naturressourcer er begrænsede, og fødevarer og råvarer skal importeres.	Hong Kong's natural resources are limited, and food and raw materials must be imported.
I 1994 blev Vieira valgt til præsident ved landets første frie flerpartivalg.	In 1994, Vieira was elected president in the country's first free, multiparty election.
I 2017 var den samlede arbejdsløshed 11,4 %, men ungdomsarbejdsløsheden forblev høj med 37,1 %.	In 2017, overall unemployment was 11.4%, but youth unemployment remained high at 37.1%.
Industri- og kraftproduktionen er stagneret i årevis på en brøkdel af niveauet før 1990.	Industrial and power outputs have stagnated for years at a fraction of pre-1990 levels.
Namibias økonomi er fortsat sårbar over for udsving i verdens råvarepriser og tørke.	Namibia's economy remains vulnerable to world commodity price fluctuations and drought.
Saint Martin siges at have en af ​​de højeste indkomster pr. indbygger i Caribien.	Saint Martin is reported to have one of the highest per capita income in the Caribbean.
Fyrstendømmet Liechtenstein blev etableret i Det Hellige Romerske Rige i 1719.	The Principality of Liechtenstein was established within the Holy Roman Empire in 1719.
Storbritannien annekterede øen i 1889, men gennemførte aldrig planer for yderligere udnyttelse.	The UK annexed the island in 1889 but never carried out plans for further exploitation.
Regeringen mangler stadig fuld kontrol over landet, hvor lovløsheden fortsætter.	The government still lacks full control of the countryside, where lawlessness persists.
Fremstillings- og finanssektoren tegner sig for mere end halvdelen af ​​San Marinos BNP.	The manufacturing and financial sectors account for more than half of San Marino's GDP.
Tonga - enestående blandt Stillehavsnationerne - mistede aldrig helt sin oprindelige regeringsførelse.	Tonga - unique among Pacific nations - never completely lost its indigenous governance.
Uganda har både været en kilde til flygtninge og migranter og et værtsland for flygtninge.	Uganda has been both a source of refugees and migrants and a host country for refugees.
Bermuda blev først bosat i 1609 af skibbrudne engelske kolonister på vej mod Virginia.	Bermuda was first settled in 1609 by shipwrecked English colonists heading for Virginia.
Jeg kigger på dig.	I'm looking at you.
Gabon står over for fluktuerende internationale priser for sin eksport af olie, træ og mangan.	Gabon faces fluctuating international prices for its oil, timber, and manganese exports.
Georgien søger at udvikle sine Sortehavshavne for yderligere at lette øst-vest handel.	Georgia is seeking to develop its Black Sea ports to further facilitate East-West trade.
I december 2008 underskrev Liechtenstein en aftale om udveksling af skatteoplysninger med USA.	In December 2008, Liechtenstein signed a Tax Information Exchange Agreement with the US.
I kølvandet på lavere indtægter underskrev Gabon en 3-årig aftale med IMF i juni 2017.	In the wake of lower revenue, Gabon signed a 3-year agreement with the IMF in June 2017.
Letland genskabte sin uafhængighed i 1991 efter Sovjetunionens opløsning.	Latvia reestablished its independence in 1991 following the breakup of the Soviet Union.
Moussa Dadis Camara ledede et militærkup, tog magten og suspenderede forfatningen.	Moussa Dadis Camara led a military coup, seizing power, and suspending the constitution.
Statsborgere fra Curacao er statsborgere i Den Europæiske Union, selvom det ikke er medlem.	Nationals of Curacao are citizens of the European Union, even though it is not a member.
Nicaraguanere emigrerer primært til Costa Rica og i mindre grad USA.	Nicaraguans emigrate primarily to Costa Rica and, to a lesser extent, the United States.
Storbritannien hævdede sit krav på øerne ved at etablere en flådegarnison der i 1833.	The UK asserted its claim to the islands by establishing a naval garrison there in 1833.
Mens øen var under britisk styre, støttede øen trofast Storbritannien gennem begge verdenskrige.	While under British rule, the island staunchly supported the UK through both world wars.
Efter næsten tre århundreder som spansk koloni vandt Guatemala sin uafhængighed i 1821.	After almost three centuries as a Spanish colony, Guatemala won its independence in 1821.
Al jord i Tanzania ejes af regeringen, som kan leje jord i op til 99 år.	All land in Tanzania is owned by the government, which can lease land for up to 99 years.
Hviderusland får eksportindtægter ved at raffinere russisk råolie og sælge den til markedspriser.	Belarus derives export revenue by refining Russian crude and selling it at market prices.
Forfatningsmæssige tidsbegrænsninger forhindrede præsident Johnson Sirleaf i at stille op til genvalg.	Constitutional term limits barred President Johnson Sirleaf from running for re-election.
Den økonomiske vækst forventes at forblive konstant eller forbedres en smule i de kommende år.	Economic growth is expected to remain constant or improve slightly in the next few years.
I april 2017 indvilligede Hviderusland i at betale sin gasgæld, og Rusland genoprettede strømmen af ​​råolie.	In April 2017, Belarus agreed to pay its gas debt, and Russia restored the flow of crude.
I januar 2007 sluttede Montenegro sig til Verdensbanken og IMF, og i december 2011 WTO.	In January 2007, Montenegro joined the World Bank and IMF, and in December 2011, the WTO.
Kun omkring 70 % af befolkningen er læsekyndige, og andelen falder til omkring 60 % for kvinder.	Only about 70% of the population is literate, and the rate drops to around 60% for women.
Turismesektoren vendte tilbage i 2017, hvor besøgende steg med 3,2 % til 58,47 millioner.	The tourism sector rebounded in 2017, with visitor arrivals rising 3.2% to 58.47 million.
Nationale forsvarsudgifter afbøder øens økonomi mod udsving i turismen.	National defense spending cushions the island's economy against fluctuations in tourism.
Qatars afhængighed af olie og naturgas vil sandsynligvis fortsætte i en overskuelig fremtid.	Qatar's reliance on oil and natural gas is likely to persist for the foreseeable future.
Belize står over for fortsat pres fra stigende statsgæld og en voksende handelsubalance.	Belize faces continued pressure from rising sovereign debt and a growing trade imbalance.
Eksport og investeringer har været nøgledriverne bag Slovakiets robuste vækst i de seneste år.	Exports and investment have been key drivers of Slovakia's robust growth in recent years.
Frankrigs offentlige finanser har historisk været belastet af høje udgifter og lav vækst.	France's public finances have historically been strained by high spending and low growth.
En begrænset og upålidelig elforsyning er en væsentlig hindring for økonomisk udvikling.	A limited and unreliable electricity supply is a major impediment to economic development.
Selvom Norge forblev neutralt i Første Verdenskrig, led det store tab for sin skibsfart.	Although Norway remained neutral in World War I, it suffered heavy losses to its shipping.
Kina blev verdens største eksportør i 2010 og den største handelsnation i 2013.	China became the world's largest exporter in 2010, and the largest trading nation in 2013.
Den offentlige gæld udgør omkring 79 % af BNP og er fortsat blandt de højeste af de nye markeder.	Government debt is about 79% of GDP and remains among the highest of the emerging markets.
I 2017 var Afghanistans vækstrate kun marginalt over gennemsnittet for 2014-2016.	In 2017 Afghanistan's growth rate was only marginally above that of the 2014-2016 average.
Seychellerne voksede med 5 % i 2017 på grund af en stærk turistsektor og lave råvarepriser.	Seychelles grew at 5% in 2017 because of a strong tourism sector and low commodity prices.
Nogle liberiske flygtninge tilbragte mere end to årtier i andre vestafrikanske lande.	Some Liberian refugees spent more than two decades living in other West African countries.
Regeringen er åben over for og tager aktivt skridt til at tiltrække udenlandske direkte investeringer.	The government is open to, and actively takes steps to attract, foreign direct investment.
Regeringen er afhængig af udenlandske donorressourcer for en stor del af sit finansbudget.	The government relies on foreign donor resources for a large portion of its fiscal budget.
Regeringens forhøjede gældsniveauer har begrænset dens kapacitet til at finansiere eventuelle underskud.	The government's elevated debt levels have limited its capacity to finance any shortfalls.
Den private sektor er i blødning, hvor næsten alle virksomheder foretager betydelige fyringer.	The private sector is hemorrhaging, with almost all businesses making substantial layoffs.
Hovedmanden blev dræbt i angrebet, og de fleste af oprørerne overgav sig i april 2008.	The ringleader was killed in the attack, and most of the rebels surrendered in April 2008.
Projektets succes har tilskyndet andre virksomheder til at se på lignende LNG-projekter.	The success of the project has encouraged other companies to look at similar LNG projects.
En våbenhvile i 1953 delte halvøen langs en demilitariseret zone omkring den 38. breddegrad.	A 1953 armistice split the peninsula along a demilitarized zone at about the 38th parallel.
En lov om dobbelt statsborgerskab blev vedtaget i 2013, hvilket letter naturaliseringen for børn uden statsborgerskab.	A dual citizenship law was adopted in 2013, easing naturalization for non-citizen children.
På grund af store familiestørrelser arver børn mindre og mindre jordstykker.	Because of large family sizes, children are inheriting smaller and smaller parcels of land.
Kina byggede en militær installation på Woody Island med en flyveplads og kunstig havn.	China built a military installation on Woody Island with an airfield and artificial harbor.
Grønland er fortsat medlem af Sammenslutningen af ​​Oversøiske Lande og Territorier i EU.	Greenland remains a member of the Overseas Countries and Territories Association of the EU.
Makedonien arbejder på at bygge en landsdækkende naturgasledning og distributionsnetværk.	Macedonia is working to build a country-wide natural gas pipeline and distribution network.
Peru erklærede sin uafhængighed i 1821, og de resterende spanske styrker blev besejret i 1824.	Peru declared its independence in 1821, and remaining Spanish forces were defeated in 1824.
Landet var vidne til det historiske valg i 2009 af fire kvinder til nationalforsamlingen.	The country witnessed the historic election in 2009 of four women to its National Assembly.
Øerne er rige på uudviklede mineralressourcer som bly, zink, nikkel og guld.	The islands are rich in undeveloped mineral resources such as lead, zinc, nickel, and gold.
Øerne blev en selvstændig stat i det britiske Commonwealth of Nations i 1981.	The islands became an independent state within the British Commonwealth of Nations in 1981.
Den samlede læsefærdighed er omkring 55 % og er betydeligt lavere for kvinder end for mænd.	The overall literacy rate is around 55%, and is significantly lower for women than for men.
Med afskaffelsen af ​​det afrikanske slaveri i 1863 blev der hentet arbejdere ind fra Indien og Java.	With the abolition of African slavery in 1863, workers were brought in from India and Java.
Tørke, fattigdom og arbejdsløshed har drevet udvandring fra Mauretanien siden 1970'erne.	Drought, poverty, and unemployment have driven outmigration from Mauritania since the 1970s.
Energiressourcer og fremstillede varer importeres også, primært fra Mexico og USA.	Energy resources and manufactured goods are also imported, primarily from Mexico and the US.
I 1397 blev Norge optaget i en union med Danmark, der varede mere end fire århundreder.	In 1397, Norway was absorbed into a union with Denmark that lasted more than four centuries.
I 1931-32 besatte Japan Manchuriet, og i 1937 indledte det en fuldskala invasion af Kina.	In 1931-32 Japan occupied Manchuria, and in 1937 it launched a full-scale invasion of China.
I 1991 erklærede Kroatien, Slovenien og Makedonien uafhængighed, efterfulgt af Bosnien i 1992.	In 1991, Croatia, Slovenia, and Macedonia declared independence, followed by Bosnia in 1992.
I slutningen af ​​2008 godkendte vælgerne en ny forfatning, Ecuadors 20. siden opnåelsen af ​​uafhængighed.	In late 2008, voters approved a new constitution, Ecuador's 20th since gaining independence.
Som svar på indiske atomvåbentest udførte Pakistan sine egne test i midten af ​​1998.	In response to Indian nuclear weapons testing, Pakistan conducted its own tests in mid-1998.
I 1990'erne overgik turisme og fremstilling sukkerindustrien i økonomisk betydning.	In the 1990s, tourism and manufacturing surpassed the sugar industry in economic importance.
Meget økonomisk aktivitet foregår stadig i den uformelle sektor og afspejles ikke i BNP-data.	Much economic activity still occurs in the informal sector and is not reflected in GDP data.
Adskillige tekniske og lovgivningsmæssige forsinkelser forhindrede gas i at strømme ind i Moldova indtil marts 2015.	Several technical and regulatory delays kept gas from flowing into Moldova until March 2015.
Etpartistyret blev afsluttet med en ny forfatning og frie valg i 1993.	Single-party rule was brought to a close with a new constitution and free elections in 1993.
Nogle af de naturressourcer, der findes i dette område, omfatter kokosnødder, fisk og sukkerrør.	Some of the natural resources found in this territory include coconuts, fish, and sugarcane.
Briterne garnisonerede øen i 1815 for at forhindre en redning af Napoleon fra Saint Helena.	The British garrisoned the island in 1815 to prevent a rescue of Napoleon from Saint Helena.
Den lokale befolkning får indtægter fra fiskeri, husdyropdræt og salg af kunsthåndværk.	The local population earns income from fishing, raising livestock, and sales of handicrafts.
Folkeafstemningen blev afholdt i januar 2011 og indikerede overvældende støtte til uafhængighed.	The referendum was held in January 2011 and indicated overwhelming support for independence.
Turisme er grundpillen i økonomien og afhænger af forholdene i eurolandene.	Tourism is the mainstay of the economy and depends on conditions in the euro-zone countries.
Arbejdsløshed, fattigdom og ulighed - blandt de højeste i verden - er fortsat en udfordring.	Unemployment, poverty, and inequality - among the highest in the world - remain a challenge.
En malaysisk handelshavn kendt som Temasek eksisterede på øen Singapore i det 14. århundrede.	A Malay trading port known as Temasek existed on the island of Singapore by the 14th century.
Tom er meget god til det han laver.	Tom's very good at what he does.
Østrig er et velstående, demokratisk land, der trådte ind i EU's Økonomiske og Monetære Union i 1999.	A prosperous, democratic country, Austria entered the EU Economic and Monetary Union in 1999.
Omkring 1,2 milliarder mennesker verden over bekender sig til katolicismen – verdens største kristne tro.	About 1.2 billion people worldwide profess Catholicism - the world's largest Christian faith.
Storbritannien afgrænsede en semi-autonom region i Transjordanien fra Palæstina i begyndelsen af ​​1920'erne.	Britain demarcated a semi-autonomous region of Transjordan from Palestine in the early 1920s.
Færdiggørelsen af ​​Suez-kanalen i 1869 hævede Egypten som et vigtigt transportknudepunkt i verden.	Completion of the Suez Canal in 1869 elevated Egypt as an important world transportation hub.
Ungarns offentlige gæld (74,5 % af BNP) er stadig høj sammenlignet med EU-fæller i Centraleuropa.	Hungary's public debt (at 74.5% of GDP) is still high compared to EU peers in Central Europe.
I 1697 afstod Spanien den vestlige tredjedel af øen til franskmændene, som senere blev til Haiti.	In 1697, Spain ceded to the French the western third of the island, which later became Haiti.
Øget olieproduktion understøttede vækst på i gennemsnit mere end 17 % om året fra 2004 til 2008.	Increased oil production supported growth averaging more than 17% per year from 2004 to 2008.
De vigtigste økonomiske udfordringer for Marokko omfatter reform af uddannelsessystemet og retsvæsenet.	Key economic challenges for Morocco include reforming the education system and the judiciary.
Arbejdsmigranter er blevet tiltrukket af Libyen siden udviklingen af ​​landets oliesektor i 1960'erne.	Labor migrants have been drawn to Libya since the development of its oil sector in the 1960s.
Norge er en førende producent og verdens næststørste eksportør af fisk og skaldyr efter Kina.	Norway is a leading producer and the world's second-largest exporter of seafood, after China.
Verden er smuk, fordi den er mangfoldig.	The world is beautiful because it's diverse.
Verden er smuk, fordi den er mangfoldig.	The world is beautiful because it is diverse.
Anden eksport omfatter guld, kviksølv, uran, naturgas og - i nogle år - elektricitet.	Other exports include gold, mercury, uranium, natural gas, and - in some years - electricity.
Præsident Jovenel Moïse vandt valget i november 2016 og tiltrådte embedet i februar 2017.	President Jovenel Moïse won the November 2016 elections and assumed office in February 2017.
Den Persiske Golf ligger mellem Iran og Den Arabiske Halvø.	The Persian Gulf lies between Iran and the Arabian Peninsula.
Sovjetunionens tilbagegang og afslutningen på den kolde krig muliggjorde tysk genforening i 1990.	The decline of the USSR and the end of the Cold War allowed for German reunification in 1990.
Tropper fra Angola, Tchad, Namibia, Sudan og Zimbabwe greb ind for at støtte Kabilas regime.	Troops from Angola, Chad, Namibia, Sudan, and Zimbabwe intervened to support Kabila's regime.
Mellem 1982 og 1991 var der en ny bølge af migration til Vesten for familiesammenføring.	Between 1982 and 1991, there was a new wave of migration to the West for family reunification.
Ud over den nuværende globale afmatning står verden over for flere langvarige økonomiske udfordringer.	Beyond the current global slowdown, the world faces several long-standing economic challenges.
Brasilien fortsætter med at forfølge industriel og landbrugsvækst og udvikling af sit indre.	Brazil continues to pursue industrial and agricultural growth and development of its interior.
Budgetindtægterne faldt på grund af faldende globale priser på vigtige hviderussiske eksportvarer.	Budget revenues dropped because of falling global prices on key Belarusian export commodities.
På grund af lavere globale råvarepriser er ressourceindtægter af alle typer faldet dramatisk.	Due to lower global commodity prices, resource revenues of all types have fallen dramatically.
Igor Dodon vandt Moldovas første direkte præsidentvalg i over 20 år i november 2016.	Igor Dodon won Moldova's first direct presidential election in over 20 years in November 2016.
I 1971 udpegede Norge Bouvetøen og de tilstødende territorialfarvande til et naturreservat.	In 1971, Norway designated Bouvet Island and the adjacent territorial waters a nature reserve.
I 2016 tegnede Macaus spilrelaterede skatter sig for mere end 76 % af de samlede offentlige indtægter.	In 2016, Macau's gaming-related taxes accounted for more than 76% of total government revenue.
Jeg vil ikke love at vente på dig, men hvis vi er gift, er jeg sikker på, at dit hjerte og mit hjerte ikke vil ændre sig, før vi mødes igen.	I will not promise to wait for you, but if we are married, I am sure your heart and my heart will not change until we meet again.
Skjule.	Hide.
Tom rystede.	Tom winced.
Vores sjæle har fundet hinanden igen.	Our souls have found each other again.
Ophold.	Stay.
Kan du se skyen i form af en kamel?	Do you see the cloud in the shape of a camel?
Er Tom skaldet?	Is Tom bald?
Intet tilfredsstiller mig mere end at gøre den person, jeg elsker, glad.	Nothing satisfies me more than making the person I love happy.
Intet gør mig mere glad end at gøre dig glad.	Nothing make me happier than making you happy.
Det vil jeg ikke gøre, i hvert fald ikke nu.	I'm not going to do that, at least not now.
Intet gør mig mere glad end at se dig glad.	Nothing makes me happier than seeing you happy.
Intet gør mig mere glad end at se dit smil.	Nothing makes me happier than seeing your smile.
Intet gør mig gladere end at være sammen med dig.	Nothing makes me happier than being with you.
At se dig smile gør mig glad.	Seeing you smile makes me happy.
At se dit smil gør mig glad.	Seeing your smile makes me happy.
Intet gør mig mere glad end at se dig smile.	Nothing makes me happier than seeing you smile.
Kom videre.	Move on.
Tom er stum.	Tom is mute.
Jeg har ændret holdning til det.	I've changed my position on that.
Jeg har ændret mening om det.	I've changed my opinion on that.
Jeg har ændret mening om det.	I've changed my mind on that.
Jeg gik selv gennem skoven.	I walked through the woods by myself.
Tilmeld dig.	Sign up.
Er Tom en spion?	Is Tom a spy?
Tom er en rigtig god skiløber.	Tom is a really good skier.
Tom skal her om tre timer.	Tom is due here in three hours.
Kom væk.	Get away.
Tom gik videre.	Tom moved on.
Nu vil jeg lave en demonstration af undervisningsfag vedrørende Kadazandusun-sproget.	Now I will do a demonstration of teaching subjects regarding the Kadazandusun language.
Jeg husker ikke alle.	I don't remember everyone.
Hvor klogt!	How wise!
Tom for bind for øjnene.	Blindfold Tom.
Du kan ikke huske dem.	You can't remember them.
Du var for ung på det tidspunkt.	You were too young at that time.
Floden er dyb.	The river is deep.
Trægrenen er faldet.	The tree branch has fallen.
Løb væk.	Run away.
Nå, du siger, at du ikke husker noget, gør du?	Well, you say you don't remember anything, do you?
Slå ikke Tom.	Don't hit Tom.
Vær ærlig.	Be honest.
Er Tom hæs?	Is Tom hoarse?
Jeg stoler hverken på regeringen eller oppositionen.	I trust neither the government, nor the opposition.
De er begge det samme lort.	They're both the same shit.
Tror du, han tror på os?	Do you think he believes us?
Film dette.	Film this.
Tom spiste meget.	Tom ate a lot.
Tom lærer Kadazan-sproget gennem Kadazan-ordbogen.	Tom is learning the Kadazan language through the Kadazan dictionary.
Mary lærer Dusun-sproget gennem Dusun-ordbogen.	Mary is learning the Dusun language through the Dusun dictionary.
Tom nægtede at have en affære med Marys søster.	Tom denied having an affair with Mary's sister.
Tom tilbragte det meste af sit liv bag tremmer.	Tom spent most his life behind bars.
Tom har tilbragt det meste af sit liv bag tremmer.	Tom has spent most his life behind bars.
Det, Tom lavede til frokost, var ikke spiseligt.	What Tom made for lunch wasn't edible.
Gå langsommere.	Go slower.
Tom kan skrive.	Tom can write.
Jeg føler mig så svimmel, når jeg er ved at fare vild.	I feel so dizzy when I'm losing my way.
Jeg har arbejdet her i tre måneder.	I've been working here for three months.
Jeg kan virkelig godt lide at studere fremmedsprog.	I really like studying foreign languages.
Jeg håber, at du ikke er som alle andre.	I hope that you're not like everyone else.
Jeg håber, at du ikke er som alle andre.	I hope that you're not like everybody else.
Jeg håber ikke du er som alle andre.	I hope you're not like everyone else.
Jeg håber ikke du er som alle andre.	I hope you're not like everybody else.
Jeg har mistet en sok.	I've lost a sock.
Deres anmodning var påtrængende.	Their request was urgent.
Hvor sjovt!	How funny!
Tom jagtede mig.	Tom chased me.
Zamenhof betragtede sig selv som en hebræer af Rusland.	Zamenhof considered himself a Hebrew of Russia.
Tror du, at de fleste kvinder foretrækker mænd med skæg?	Do you think that most women prefer men with beards?
Tror du, at de fleste kvinder foretrækker mænd med skæg?	Do you think most women prefer men with beards?
Vi havde en meget flot udsigt over floden.	We had a very nice view of the river.
Vi lærte vold af dig.	We learned violence from you.
Vi kender de fleste af vores naboer.	We know most of our neighbors.
Vi kender ikke mange af vores naboer.	We don't know many of our neighbors.
Jeg skal ikke være hjemme i aften.	I'm not going to be home tonight.
Hvad er den egentlige mening med livet?	What is the real meaning of life?
Slutningen nærmer sig.	The end is drawing near.
Hvad laver de andre?	What are the others doing?
Hvad laver alle andre?	What's everyone else doing?
Hvad laver alle andre?	What's everybody else doing?
Hvad lavede du tidligere?	What were you doing earlier?
Jeg har dig.	I got you.
Jeg lærte det ved at se dig.	I learned it by watching you.
Tom sprang op.	Tom jumped up.
Det er et symptom på kapitalisme i det sene stadie.	It's a symptom of late-stage capitalism.
Tom var ikke i tvivl.	Tom had no doubt.
Jeg er med i det.	I'm a nun.
Vil Tom hjælpe?	Will Tom help?
Jeg kunne dræbe ham.	I could kill him.
Tom var ikke i tvivl om, hvad Mary fortalte ham.	Tom didn't doubt what Mary told him.
Tom var ikke i tvivl om, at Mary elskede ham.	Tom didn't doubt that Mary loved him.
Jeg kan ikke lide at se unge piger bære makeup.	I don't like seeing young girls wearing makeup.
Det var imod skolens regler at gå med makeup på det gymnasium, jeg gik på.	It was against school rules to wear makeup at the high school that I went to.
Det var imod skolens regler at gå med makeup på det gymnasium, jeg gik på.	It was against school rules to wear makeup at the high school I went to.
Det gør jeg.	I'll do so.
Det er allerede holdt op med at regne, så jeg går måske ud.	It has already stopped raining, so I might go out.
Omid er en persisk kristen.	Omid is a Persian Christian.
Omid er en iransk kristen.	Omid is an Iranian Christian.
Knæl ned.	Kneel down.
Tom er sadistisk.	Tom is sadistic.
Han tager fejl.	He is wrong.
Må jeg hjælpe?	May I help?
Er det ikke Toms?	Isn't this Tom's?
Er det holdt op med at regne endnu? - Ikke endnu.	Has it stopped raining yet? - Not yet.
Må jeg invitere dig til middag i aften?	May I invite you for dinner tonight?
Er det ikke Thomas's?	Isn't this Thomas's?
Hval tilhører den zoologiske orden af ​​pattedyr.	Whale belongs to zoological order of mammals.
Denne jernbanelinje er for nylig blevet renoveret.	This railway line has recently been renovated.
Vi er de næste.	We're next.
Måske gør Tom det.	Maybe Tom does that.
Vi har det godt.	We're well.
I McCarthy-æraen blev "jødisk" i vid udstrækning betragtet som synonymt med "socialistisk" og "kristent" med "kapitalistisk".	In the McCarthy era, "Jewish" was widely considered synonymous with "socialist," and "Christian" with "capitalist."
Jeg viste Tom billedet.	I showed Tom the photo.
Ældre jødiske socialister anser McCarthyismen for at have været en pogrom.	Older Jewish socialists consider McCarthyism to have been a pogrom.
Jøder i Sovjetunionen blev forfulgt som "zionister", uanset deres faktiske syn på zionismen.	Jews in the Soviet Union were persecuted as "Zionists," regardless of their actual views on Zionism.
At en sovjetisk jøde skulle have omsorg for deres eget folk blev betragtet som "borgerlig nationalisme", på trods af Sovjetunionens intenst nationalistiske karakter fra Stalin af.	For a Soviet Jew to have concern for their own people was viewed as "bourgeois nationalism," despite the intensely nationalist character of the Soviet Union from Stalin on.
Medlemmer af den jødiske antifascistiske komité blev arresteret og henrettet for at ville genopbygge det jødiske folk og den jødiske kultur efter Holocaust.	Members of the Jewish Antifascist Committee were arrested and executed for wanting to rebuild the Jewish people and Jewish culture after the Holocaust.
Kan du huske hvad du har lovet mig?	Do you remember yet what you've promised me?
Vær trofast.	Be faithful.
Var dig og Tom tætte?	Were you and Tom close?
Katte er magi.	Cats are magic.
Vil du gøre mig en tjeneste?	Do you want to do me a favor?
Gør hvad andre gør.	Do what others do.
Opfør dig godt.	Behave well.
Jeg viste billedet til Tom.	I showed the photo to Tom.
På fransk formår jeg at klare mig selv; i Kabyle bliver vejen derimod længere.	In French, I manage to fend myself; in Kabyle, on the other hand, the road will be longer.
De vil spise mine lækre kirsebær.	They will eat my delicious cherries.
Jeg kan godt lide smagen af ​​svampe.	I like the taste of mushrooms.
Vi forlod vores børn.	We left our children.
Han fik os til at vente længe.	He made us wait a long time.
Hvis du tilføjer eddike til salaten, vil bladene visne.	If you add vinegar to the salad, the leaves will wilt.
Grøntsagerne fra haven er meget smukke undtagen salaterne spist af snegle.	The vegetables from the garden are very beautiful except the lettuces eaten by slugs.
Tatoeba er et monumentalt bibliotek, et stort studielokale åbent for studerende og forskere fra hele verden.	Tatoeba is a monumental library, a huge study room open to students and researchers from all over the world.
Fugle kvidrer.	Birds chirp.
"Hvad fanden?"	"What's hell?"
"Det er fuldstændig og total isolation fra alle og alt."	"It's complete and total isolation from everyone and everything."
"Det lyder dejligt.	"That sounds nice.
det tager jeg."	I'll take that."
Jeg blev oppe til 02:30 om natten.	I stayed up until 2:30 a.m.
Kom med det.	Bring it on.
Tom mødte sent på arbejde.	Tom showed up for work late.
Selvom det ikke umiddelbart lykkes os at føre kabylen til sit højdepunkt, vil andre lykkes.	Even if we do not immediately succeed in leading the Kabyle to its peak, others will succeed.
Det var ikke det, jeg havde til hensigt at sige.	That is not what I intended to say.
Det var ikke det, jeg havde tænkt mig at sige.	That's not what I intended to say.
Rabbineren forbinder altid ugens Tora-del med dagens spørgsmål.	The rabbi always connects the week's Torah portion to the issues of the day.
Hun har stærke holdninger til dagens spørgsmål.	She has strong opinions on the issues of the day.
Gå væk nu.	Go away now.
Jeg smuttede Tom tredive dollars.	I slipped Tom thirty dollars.
Jeg hader øl.	I hate beer.
Jeg kan godt lide den måde, Tom friter æg på.	I like the way Tom fries eggs.
Jeg rummer mængder.	I contain multitudes.
Vi er nødt til at handle.	We have to take action.
Det er sådan, at jeg ved det med sikkerhed, for jeg var der selv.	It so happens, that I know that for sure, because I was there myself.
Mit land har smukke strande, frodig natur og et flerårigt forårsklima.	My country has beautiful beaches, lush nature and a perennial spring climate.
Jeg hader grønkål.	I hate kale.
Jeg kunne godt lide den gryderet, som Tom lavede.	I liked the stew that Tom made.
Jeg hader lam.	I hate lamb.
Med årene vil smerten ved tab blive mindre.	Over the years, the pain of loss will become less.
Tom bad mig hjælpe dig med dette.	Tom asked me to help you do this.
Der tages en vandprøve for at lære om pH.	A water sample is taken to learn about pH.
Jeg hader grise.	I hate pigs.
Tom bevægede sig langsomt, som en gammel person.	Tom moved slowly, like an old person.
Jeg hader vin.	I hate wine.
Tre mænd iført hættetrøjer angreb mig.	Three men wearing hoodies attacked me.
"Hvor bor dine forældre?"	"Where do your parents live?"
"Mine forældre er allerede døde."	"My parents are already dead."
Jeg har nået slutningen af ​​mine kræfter.	I've reached the end of my strength.
Jeg ser en kasse.	I see a box.
Tom blev en prædikant ligesom sin far.	Tom became a preacher like his father.
Du kan besøge mig, når du vil.	You can visit me whenever you want.
Vi blev ikke skuffede.	We were not disappointed.
Jeg ser meget.	I see a lot.
Alt afhænger udelukkende af os.	Everything depends solely on us.
Manden iført den grønne jakke er Tom.	The man wearing the green jacket is Tom.
Gad vide om nogen kan hjælpe mig med at gøre dette.	I wonder if anyone could help me do this.
Hans succeser giver os også fordele.	His successes also bring us advantages.
Pas på ikke at komme i problemer!	Take care not to get into trouble!
Det her er min onkels bil.	This is my uncle's car.
Dengang var der ingen computere.	Back then there were no computers.
Vi var virkelig imponerede over dette hotel.	We were really impressed with this hotel.
Min hund kender hvert træ.	My dog knows every tree.
Politimanden spurgte de to unge kvinder, om det var deres bil.	The policeman asked the two young women whether it was their car.
Fortsæt!	Go on!
Jeg venter.	I'm waiting.
Kom ikke i aften og kom heller ikke i morgen.	Don't come this evening and don't come tomorrow either.
Lyv aldrig for mig igen!	Never lie to me again!
Jeg er træner.	I'm a coach.
Jeg håber, jeg ser et næbdyr, mens jeg er i Østrig.	I hope I see a platypus while I'm in Austria.
Tom vil have mig til at vise dig, hvordan du gør det.	Tom wants me to show you how to do that.
Tom elsker grise.	Tom loves pigs.
Vi kan også drage fordel af hans succes.	We can also profit from his success.
Fred er en fortsættelse af krig med andre midler.	Peace is the continuation of war with other means.
Jeg er en guide.	I'm a guide.
Jeg glemte, at fransk var dit modersmål.	I forgot French was your native language.
Amerikanerne ønskede at påtvinge ideen om, at en bog eller film skulle behandles som enhver kommerciel genstand, fordi de forstod, at der ved siden af ​​hæren, diplomatiet og handelen også er kulturkrig, en kamp, ​​som de har til hensigt at vinde begge dele af ædle grunde - USA har altid været af den opfattelse, at dets værdier er universelle - og mindre ædle: dannelsen af ​​sind er den bedste måde at sælge amerikanske produkter på.	The Americans wanted to impose the idea that a book or film should be treated like any commercial object, because they understood that alongside the army, diplomacy and trade, there is also cultural war, a battle that they intend to win both for noble reasons — the United States has always opined that its values are universal — and less noble ones: the formation of minds is the best way to sell off American products.
Tænk på, at biografen repræsenterer den øverste rang af amerikansk eksport, langt foran våben, luftfart eller informationsteknologi!	Consider that the cinema represents the top rank of American exports, far ahead of weaponry, aeronautics or information technology!
Derfor deres ønske om at påtvinge engelsk som verdenssprog, selvom der har været et fald i to årtier i deres indflydelse.	Hence their desire to impose English as a world language, even if there has been a two-decade decline in their influence.
Jeg har utilstrækkelig ekspertise.	I have insufficient expertise.
Vi vil hjælpe så meget som muligt.	We will help as much as possible.
Jeg er rabbiner.	I'm a rabbi.
Tom kunne ikke lide sit job som budbringer.	Tom didn't like his job as a messenger boy.
Churchill kan lide grise, og det gør Tom også.	Churchill likes pigs and so does Tom.
Jeg er imam.	I'm an imam.
Tom er ligesom mange andre unge canadiere.	Tom is just like many other young Canadians.
Jeg ville elske at se din søn!	I would love to see your son !
Åh!!	Oh !!
Jeg har lige set et genfærd!!	I just saw an apparition !!
Plan B er, at vi venter.	Plan B is that we wait.
En flodhest trådte på Toms storetå.	A hippo stepped on Tom's big toe.
Er der en plan B?	Is there a Plan B?
Spildevand bliver renset i denne by.	Sewage water is being treated in this town.
Plan B ser ud til at være bedre end plan A.	Plan B seems to be better than Plan A.
Dette hjul slingrer, når det kører	This wheel wobbles when it runs
Han har altid en lommekniv med	He always carries a pocketknife
Det reddede hans liv.	It saved his life.
Det reddede hendes liv.	It saved her life.
Det reddede deres liv.	It saved their lives.
Jeg er på vagt.	I'm on call.
Jeg glemte, at fransk var dit modersmål.	I forgot that French was your native language.
Det hjalp ham ikke.	That didn't help him.
Det hjalp hende ikke.	That didn't help her.
Det hjalp dem ikke.	That didn't help them.
Det hjalp mig ikke.	That didn't help me.
Det hjælper ham ikke.	That won't help him.
Det hjælper hende ikke.	That won't help her.
Det hjælper dem ikke.	That won't help them.
Det hjælper os ikke.	That won't help us.
Ja, jeg er frisk og sund!	Yes, I am hale and hearty!
Det er lønningsdag.	It's payday.
Tom mistede besindelsen og kastede noget mod Mary.	Tom lost his temper and threw something at Mary.
Nu har jeg dig!	Now I have you!
Hver kat kan lide mælk.	Every cat likes milk.
Bare spørg mig.	Just ask me.
Tom fortalte os om alle de ting, han ønskede.	Tom told us about all the things that he wanted.
Lad mig hvile.	Let me rest.
Manden, der står derovre, ligner Tom meget.	The man standing over there looks a lot like Tom.
De levende er vigtigere end de døde.	The living are more important than the dead.
Træk hårdere.	Pull harder.
Har du fået et glas vand for nylig?	Have you had a glass of water recently?
Tom voksede op i en lille by ikke så langt herfra.	Tom grew up in a small town not too far from here.
Gå og drik et glas vand.	Go drink a glass of water.
Skub hårdere.	Push harder.
Vi mener, at det er vores pligt, i menneskets frihed, menneskelige værdigheds og menneskelig velstands navn, at tage de varer tilbage fra Himlen, som den har stjålet fra Jorden, og returnere dem til Jorden.	We believe it our duty, in the name of human liberty, human dignity, and human prosperity, to take back from Heaven the goods it has stolen from Earth and return them to Earth.
Tom siger, at mange unge ikke kan lide bluesmusik.	Tom says many young people don't like blues music.
Stop med at spise.	Stop eating.
Tom vil have, at folk holder op med at stille så mange spørgsmål.	Tom wants people to stop asking so many questions.
Dette er kunst.	This is art.
Tom stillede sin lærer et par dumme spørgsmål.	Tom asked his teacher a couple of stupid questions.
Dette er pels.	This is fur.
Tom var meget klog, men han kunne ikke lide sine timer.	Tom was very smart, but he didn't like his classes.
Dette er olie.	This is oil.
Lagde du mærke til, om Tom havde slips på eller ej?	Did you notice whether Tom was wearing a tie or not?
Det her er tin.	This is tin.
Tom vil have, at jeg bliver, men jeg går alligevel.	Tom wants me to stay, but I'm going to leave anyway.
Tiden gik.	Time passed.
Tom kan ikke lide sit nye job bedre end landbrug.	Tom doesn't like his new job any better than farming.
Jorden er smuk.	The earth is beautiful.
Hvilket spil!	What a game!
Tom så, at nogen havde skrevet hans navn på væggen.	Tom saw that someone had written his name on the wall.
Jeg havde meget travlt.	I was extremely busy.
Hvad er luft?	What is air?
Tom ville gerne diskutere det emne, men det gjorde ingen andre.	Tom wanted to discuss that topic, but no one else did.
Tom slog mig tre gange.	Tom hit me three times.
Tom har hvide tænder.	Tom has white teeth.
Hvem sagde nej?	Who said no?
Tom ville gerne diskutere det emne, men ingen andre gjorde det.	Tom wanted to discuss that topic, but nobody else did.
Det, jeg prøvede at sige, var, at jeg kunne hjælpe Tom, men det vil jeg ikke.	What I was trying to say was that I could help Tom, but I don't want to.
Luk vinduerne.	Close the windows.
Ellers kommer myg ind.	Otherwise, mosquitoes will get in.
Hvis du lukkede vinduerne, ville vi ikke få så mange myg i huset.	If you closed the windows, we wouldn't get so many mosquitoes in the house.
Tom glemte mit navn.	Tom forgot my name.
Hvem er klar?	Who's ready?
Det lød meget som fransk, men det tror jeg ikke, det var.	It sounded a lot like French, but I don't think it was.
Det frygter jeg.	I dread that.
Tom kan måske ikke lide, hvad vi planlægger at gøre med det.	Tom might not like what we're planning to do with that.
Jeg kan godt lide rugby.	I like rugby.
Tom vil købe en dyr forlovelsesring til Mary.	Tom wants to buy an expensive engagement ring for Mary.
Jeg så en ged.	I saw a goat.
Tom var nødt til at gøre en masse ting, som han ikke kunne lide at gøre.	Tom had to do a lot of things that he didn't like to do.
Hvor mange point fik du?	How many points did you score?
"Hvorfor er du så gnaven?"	"Why are you so grumpy?"
"Fordi."	"Because."
Barnet er forsvundet.	The child is missing.
Tanken er næsten tom.	The tank's almost empty.
Du bør gå til tankstationen.	You should go to the petrol station.
Tanken er næsten tom; du skal gå til tankstationen.	The tank is almost empty; you should go to the petrol station.
Tom er racerkører.	Tom is a racing driver.
Mary er pilot.	Mary is a pilot.
Mary er racerkører.	Mary is a racing driver.
Mary er lærer.	Mary is a teacher.
Mary har en tid hos frisøren.	Mary's got an appointment at the hairdresser's.
Mary har en tid hos frisøren.	Mary has an appointment at the hairdresser's.
Mary har en tid til en frisør.	Mary's got a hairdresser's appointment.
Mary har en frisør tid.	Mary has a hairdresser's appointment.
Kan du spole videoen tilbage, tak?	Can you rewind the video, please?
Kan du spole videoen tilbage, tak?	Can you wind the video back, please?
Han er en flot mand.	He is a good-looking man.
Hun er nysgerrig.	She is curious.
Han er nysgerrig.	He is curious.
Hun er dygtig.	She is talented.
Han er talentfuld.	He is talented.
Han har betalt regningen.	He has paid the bill.
Han har betalt regningen.	He's paid the bill.
Han betalte regningen.	He paid the bill.
Hun har betalt regningen.	She has paid the bill.
Hun har betalt regningen.	She's paid the bill.
Hun betalte regningen.	She paid the bill.
Denne ø ligger i Atlanterhavet.	This island lies in the Atlantic Ocean.
Den ø ligger i Atlanterhavet.	That island lies in the Atlantic Ocean.
Der er mange skildpadder på stranden.	There are a lot of turtles on the beach.
Der ligger en masse muslinger på stranden.	A lot of mussels are lying on the beach.
Der ligger rigtig mange muslinger på stranden.	There are a lot of mussels lying on the beach.
Der ligger mange muslinger på stranden.	There's a lot of mussels lying on the beach.
Toms pude har et blåt pudebetræk.	Tom's pillow has a blue pillowcase.
Toms pude har et blåt pudebetræk.	Tom's pillow's got a blue pillowcase.
Du kan afgive din stemme på et valgsted.	You can cast your vote at a polling station.
Der er et kirsebærtræ i haven.	There's a cherry tree in the garden.
Hun kan lide frugt, især abrikoser.	She likes fruit, especially apricots.
Hun køber æbler, par og jordbær.	She's buying apples, pairs and strawberries.
Hun køber æbler, par og jordbær.	She buys apples, pairs and strawberries.
Har du friske jordbær?	Have you got fresh strawberries?
Har du friske jordbær?	Have you got any fresh strawberries?
Har du friske jordbær?	Do you have any fresh strawberries?
Billedet viser nogle vandrere i et landskab med lave bjerge.	The photo shows some ramblers in a landscape of low mountains.
Billedet viser nogle vandrere i et landskab med lave bjerge.	The photo shows some hikers in a landscape of low mountains.
Han har et hus ved foden af ​​Alperne.	He's got a house in the foothills of the Alps.
Han har et hus ved foden af ​​Alperne.	He has a house in the foothills of the Alps.
Forfatterens bøger er kendt over hele verden.	The author's books are known all over the world.
Forfatterens bøger er kendt over hele verden.	The author's books are known throughout the world.
Forfatterens bøger er kendt verden over.	The author's books are renowned the world over.
Forfatterens bøger er kendt over hele verden.	The author's books are renowned across the world.
Han kan alle landets postnumre udenad.	He knows all the country's postcodes by heart.
Er disse batterier blevet genopladet?	Have these batteries been recharged?
Er disse batterier opladet?	Are these batteries charged?
Batterierne er flade, er jeg bange for.	The batteries are flat, I'm afraid.
Jeg er bange for, at batterierne er løbet tør.	I'm afraid the batteries have run out.
Lyseblå passer dig bedre end mørkeblå.	Light blue suits you better than dark blue.
Jøder var i Egypten, og det var Tom måske også.	Jews were in Egypt and perhaps so was Tom.
Skal du lægge din jakke i garderoben?	Are you going to put your jacket in the cloakroom?
Skal du efterlade din jakke i garderoben?	Are you going to leave your jacket in the cloakroom?
Fik du billet til vores jakker i garderoben?	Did you get a ticket for our jackets at the cloakroom?
Har du fået billet til vores jakker af garderobepasseren?	Did you get a ticket for our jackets from the cloakroom attendant?
Vejret var meget godt i dag.	The weather was very nice today.
Jeg ser en båd.	I see a boat.
Der vil være masser af stjerneskud at se denne aften.	There'll be plenty of shooting stars to see this evening.
Der vil være en masse stjerneskud at se denne aften.	There'll be a lot of shooting stars to see this evening.
Han holder en tale.	He's giving a talk.
Kunne du lide stykket?	Did you like the play?
Kan du lide dette bands musik?	Do you like this band's music?
Kan du lide det bands musik?	Do you like that band's music?
Computeren vil ikke starte.	The computer won't start.
Han maler helst i akvareller.	He prefers to paint in watercolours.
Han foretrækker at male i akvareller.	He prefers painting in watercolours.
Hun lavede en hurtig blyantskitse.	She did a quick pencil sketch.
Hun lavede en hurtig skitse med blyant.	She did a quick sketch in pencil.
Tegner du ofte blyantstegninger?	Do you often do pencil drawings?
Tegner du ofte med blyant?	Do you often draw in pencil?
Tegner du ofte med blyant?	Do you often draw with a pencil?
Har du en biro?	Have you got a biro?
Har du en kuglepen på dig?	Have you got a pen on you?
Har du en kuglepen med?	Have you got a pen with you?
Tom spillede sange, han kunne lide, og nogle gange sange, han ikke kunne lide.	Tom played songs he liked and sometimes songs he didn't like.
Har du en kuglepen med dig?	Do you have a pen with you?
Kassen står i opbevaringsrummet.	The box is in the storeroom.
Kartonen er i lagerrummet.	The carton is in the storeroom.
Fungerer klimaanlægget?	Is the air conditioning working?
Varmen skal repareres.	The heating's got to be repaired.
Varmen skal repareres.	The heating has to be repaired.
Varmen skal repareres.	The heating must be repaired.
Hvor kan jeg finde toilettet?	Where can I find the toilet?
Hvor kan jeg finde toilettet?	Where can I find the lavatory?
Badeværelset er på første sal.	The bathroom is on the first floor.
Han har en halvbror.	He has a half-brother.
Han har en halvbror.	He's got a half-brother.
Hun har to tanter på sin mors side.	She has two aunts on her mother's side.
Hun har to tanter på sin mors side.	She's got two aunts on her mother's side.
Han har en onkel på sin fars side.	He has an uncle on his father's side.
Han har en onkel på sin fars side.	He's got an uncle on his father's side.
Han har en halvsøster.	He's got a half-sister.
Han har en halvsøster.	He has a half-sister.
Han har en stedfar.	He's got a stepfather.
Han har en stedfar.	He has a stepfather.
Han blev opdraget af plejeforældre.	He was brought up by foster parents.
Han har altid ønsket sig en hund.	He always wanted a dog.
Hundemaden er helt væk.	The dog food is all gone.
Hundemaden er løbet tør.	The dog food has run out.
Der er intet hundemad tilbage.	There's no dog food left.
Han jogger hver dag før morgenmaden.	He jogs every day before breakfast.
Stuen er i stueetagen.	The living room is on the ground floor.
Køkkenet ligger ved siden af ​​stuen.	The kitchen is next to the living room.
Tom skal ofte gå til fysioterapi.	Tom often has to go to have physiotherapy.
Din kaffe er klar.	Your coffee's ready.
Denne udsigt er fantastisk.	This view is fantastic.
Hun spiser en pizza med tomater, svampe og ost.	She's eating a pizza with tomatoes, mushrooms and cheese.
Tom er i brandvæsenet.	Tom is in the fire brigade.
Tom er i brandvæsenet.	Tom is in the fire service.
Du skal puste alle stearinlysene ud på din fødselsdagskage.	You have to blow out all the candles on your birthday cake.
Du er nødt til at puste alle stearinlysene ud på din fødselsdagskage.	You've got to blow out all the candles on your birthday cake.
Har du allerede planer for nytårsaften?	Have you already got plans for New Year's Eve?
Har du allerede planer for nytårsaften?	Do you already have plans for New Year's Eve?
Han prøvede at beskytte hende.	He was trying to protect her.
Han prøvede at beskytte dem.	He was trying to protect them.
Han forsøgte at beskytte dem.	He tried to protect them.
Hun har knust hans hjerte.	She has broken his heart.
Han har knust hendes hjerte.	He has broken her heart.
Han bragte en masse gaver tilbage fra sin rejse.	He brought back a lot of gifts from his trip.
Han bragte en masse gaver tilbage fra sin rejse.	He brought a lot of gifts back from his trip.
Han droppede ud af sin jurauddannelse.	He dropped out from his law degree.
Han droppede sin jurauddannelse.	He dropped out of his law degree.
Han er droppet ud af sin jurauddannelse.	He's dropped out from his law degree.
Han er droppet ud af sin jurauddannelse.	He's dropped out of his law degree.
Nu læser han medicin.	Now he studies medicine.
Nu læser han medicin.	Now he's studying medicine.
Han læser medicin nu.	He studies medicine now.
Han læser medicin nu.	He's studying medicine now.
Han er totalt og aldeles dedikeret til sine studier.	He is totally and utterly devoted to his studies.
Han hellige sig fuldstændigt sine studier.	He devotes himself completely to his studies.
Jeg vil ikke stoppe.	I won't stop.
Spiller du skak?	Are you playing chess?
De kører gennem byen i en hestevogn.	They're riding through the town in a horse-drawn carriage.
Der er et solur i haven.	There's a sundial in the garden.
Mary sidder i haven og læser en bog.	Mary is sitting in the garden reading a book.
Han observerede stjernerne ved hjælp af et teleskop.	He observed the stars using a telescope.
Se gennem teleskopet.	Look through the telescope.
Hvor mange planeter er der i vores solsystem?	How many planets are there in our solar system?
Hvad var hans svar?	What was his reply?
Hvad sagde han som svar?	What did he say in reply?
Hvordan svarede han?	How did he answer?
Hvordan svarede han?	How did he reply?
Er den ledige stilling allerede blevet besat?	Has the vacancy already been filled?
Han ringede tre gange på døren, men ingen svarede.	He rang the doorbell three times, but no one answered.
Han ringede tre gange, men ingen åbnede døren.	He rang the buzzer three times, but no one opened the door.
Jeg brugte tredive minutter på at overbevise Tom om at tage med os.	I spent thirty minutes trying to convince Tom to come with us.
Han skriver en indkøbsliste, så han ikke glemmer noget.	He's writing a shopping list so that he won't forget anything.
Musvåger er rovfugle.	Buzzards are birds of prey.
Hvor ofte vander du disse planter?	How often do you water these plants?
Har du allerede vandet blomsterne i haven?	Have you already watered the flowers in the garden?
Du kan bruge vandet i vandskålen til vanding.	You can use the water in the water butt for watering.
Portøren tager sig af din bagage.	The porter is taking care of your luggage.
Portøren vil tage sig af din bagage.	The porter will take care of your luggage.
Velkommen til London!	Welcome to London!
Har du haft en god dag i dag?	Have you had a nice day today?
Har du haft en god dag i dag?	Did you have a nice day today?
Har du stillet vækkeuret?	Have you set the alarm clock?
Stillede du vækkeuret?	Did you set the alarm clock?
Hørte du ikke vækkeuret?	Didn't you hear the alarm clock?
Han lytter aldrig.	He never listens.
Hvordan mener du det helt præcist?	How do you mean that, exactly?
Har du en forklaring på det?	Do you have an explanation for that?
Har du en forklaring på det?	Have you got an explanation for that?
Kan du forklare ham det?	Can you explain it to him?
Hun er stadig på kontoret.	She's still at the office.
Tom købte sig en brugt bil.	Tom bought himself a used car.
Tom købte sig en brugt bil.	Tom bought himself a second-hand car.
Han foretrækker at gå.	He prefers to walk.
Han foretrækker at gå.	He prefers walking.
Kunstneren malede en masse solsikker.	The artist painted a lot of sunflowers.
Kunstneren plejede at male en masse solsikker.	The artist used to paint a lot of sunflowers.
Kunstneren malede en hel del solsikker.	The artist painted a great deal of sunflowers.
Kan du recitere et digt?	Can you recite a poem?
Skal vi en tur på cykel i weekenden?	Shall we go for a bike ride at the weekend?
Hun er nødt til at skifte sit cykeldæk.	She's got to change her bike tyre.
Hun skal skifte cykeldæk.	She has to change her bicycle tyre.
Tom så Yeti.	Tom saw the Yeti.
Hun skal skifte sit cykeldæk.	She needs to change her bike tyre.
Jeg kunne godt lide hendes tale.	I liked her speech.
Har du nogensinde skiftet et dæk?	Have you ever changed a tyre?
Er der nogen nyheder?	Is there any news?
Kan du sy en knap på?	Can you sew a button on?
Kan du sy en knap på?	Can you sew on a button?
Lægen skal rette bruddet ud.	The doctor has to straighten the fracture.
Lægen skal rette bruddet.	The doctor's got to straighten the fracture.
Lægen skal rette bruddet ud.	The doctor must straighten the fracture.
Han halter, fordi han har forstuvet sin ankel.	He's limping because he's sprained his ankle.
Han halter, fordi han forstuvede sin ankel.	He's limping because he sprained his ankle.
Han sprang af forskrækkelse.	He jumped with fright.
Han brølede af grin.	He roared with laughter.
Han brølede af grin.	He was roaring with laughter.
Hun nynnede for sig selv.	She hummed away to herself.
Hun nynnede for sig selv.	She was humming away to herself.
Hun nynnede for sig selv.	She was humming to herself.
Drop den kniv.	Drop that knife.
Har du allerede udfyldt formularen?	Have you already filled in the form?
Har du allerede udfyldt formularen?	Have you already filled the form in?
Udfyld venligst formularen.	Please fill in the form.
Udfyld venligst formularen.	Please fill the form in.
Er der en skoreparatør i byen?	Is there a shoe repairer in town?
Er der et sted, der laver skoreparationer i byen?	Is there a place that does shoe repairs in town?
Er der et sted, der laver skoreparationer i byen?	Is there a place that does shoe repairs in the city?
Er disse tal præcise?	Are these numbers precise?
Er disse tal nøjagtige?	Are these figures exact?
Hvad er din kilde til disse oplysninger?	What's your source for this information?
Han er virkelig stædig.	He's really stubborn.
Har du allerede været i kontakt med hende?	Have you already been in touch with her?
Har du allerede været i kontakt med hende?	Have you already been in contact with her?
Tom bliver nødt til at gå.	Tom will have to go.
Det vil jeg aldrig huske.	I'll never remember that.
Måske taler vi om det en anden gang.	Maybe we'll talk about it another time.
Undskyld mig et øjeblik.	Please excuse me for a moment.
Sådan har det altid været, og sådan vil det forblive.	It was ever thus, and so will it remain.
Sådan har det altid været, og det vil det altid være.	It's always been like that, and always will be.
Du bør bruge en økse til at hugge træ.	You should use an axe to chop wood.
Nu må vi leve med konsekvenserne.	Now we have to live with the consequences.
Nu må vi leve med konsekvenserne.	Now we've got to live with the consequences.
Nu må vi leve med konsekvenserne.	Now we must live with the consequences.
Det er næppe værd at nævne.	It's hardly worth mentioning.
Hun er frisør.	She is a hairdresser.
Hun er frisør.	She is a hairstylist.
Hvor vil du have mig til at lægge disse beskidte sokker?	Where do you want me to put these dirty socks?
Hvor skal jeg placere disse beskidte sokker?	Where should I put these dirty socks?
Han er ikke kommet tilbage siden.	He hasn't come back since.
Dette er bronze.	This is bronze.
Han har ikke været tilbage siden.	He hasn't been back since.
De har opdraget ti døtre!	They've brought up ten daughters!
De opfostrede ti døtre!	They brought up ten daughters!
Måske har du trods alt ret.	Maybe you're right after all.
Hun gør meget godt.	She does a lot of good.
Vil du spille et spil kort?	Do you want to play a game of cards?
Alle disse grønne blade bliver røde om efteråret.	All these green leaves will turn red in autumn.
Vi talte aldrig med Tom.	We never talked to Tom.
Den blyant er helt sløv.	That pencil is totally blunt.
Du bør skærpe den.	You should sharpen it.
Båden er fuld.	The boat is full.
Det er ikke noget at skrive hjem om.	That's nothing to write home about.
Hatten af!	Hats off!
Snart er det sommer.	Soon it will be summer.
Hvordan var vejret sidste søndag?	What was the weather like last Sunday?
Ved du, hvor Tom er på vej hen?	Do you know where Tom is heading?
Det lyder måske af meget.	That might sound like a lot.
Din aftensmad er i ovnen.	Your dinner's in the oven.
Din te er i ovnen.	Your tea's in the oven.
Frisøren er ikke åbnet endnu.	The hairdresser's hasn't opened yet.
Vidste du, at boghandelen er åbnet?	Did you know the bookshop has opened?
Han er tres år gammel.	He is sixty years old.
Hun er Carmen.	She's Carmen.
Hun hedder Carmen.	Her name is Carmen.
Er dit navn Anna?	Is your name Anna?
hedder du Anna?	Are you called Anna?
Er dit navn Carmen?	Is your name Carmen?
hedder du Carmen?	Are you called Carmen?
Ja, jeg hedder Anna.	Yes, my name's Anna.
Ja, jeg er Anna.	Yes, I'm Anna.
Jeg er ikke Anna, jeg er Carmen.	I'm not Anna, I'm Carmen.
Jeg hedder ikke Anna, det er Carmen.	My name's not Anna, it's Carmen.
Ja, hun er Carmen.	Yes, she's Carmen.
Jeg gik efter Tom.	I went after Tom.
Hun er ikke Carmen, hun er Anna.	She's not Carmen, she's Anna.
Hun hedder ikke Carmen, det er Anna.	Her name's not Carmen, it's Anna.
Nogle gange sover han for meget.	He sometimes oversleeps.
Det er første gang, jeg har spist ananasmarmelade.	This is the first time I've eaten pineapple jam.
Ganske velsmagende.	Quite tasty.
Det er for kompliceret!	That's too complicated!
Jordbærrene er alle blevet spist.	The strawberries have all been eaten.
Han har jordbær i sin kurv.	He's got strawberries in his basket.
Han har jordbær i sin kurv.	He has strawberries in his basket.
Der er en honningmelon på bordet.	There's a honeydew melon on the table.
Hun vil have honningmelon til dessert.	She'd like honeydew melon for dessert.
Hun vil gerne have honningmelon til eftertiden.	She'd like honeydew melon for afters.
Hun vil gerne have honningmelon til dessert.	She'd like to have honeydew melon for dessert.
Hun pressede saften fra en citron.	She pressed the juice from a lemon.
Det skete automatisk.	It happened automatically.
Tom har allerede været væk i en uge.	Tom has already been away for a week.
Tom har været væk i en uge nu.	Tom has been gone for a week now.
Kan du åbne døren, tak?	Could you open the door, please?
Hvilken slags sport dyrker du?	What kinds of sports do you do?
Skal du arrangere en fødselsdagsfest for dig selv?	Are you going to organise a birthday party for yourself?
Skal du holde en fødselsdagsfest?	Are you going to throw yourself a birthday party?
Han blev dræbt på grund af sin religion.	He was killed because of his religion.
Hvor kommer toget fra?	Where is the train coming from?
Vi kom os over det.	We got over it.
Der er ingen grund til at være vred på Tom.	There's no reason to be angry with Tom.
"Jeg har altid en plan B", sagde han og tog en pistol frem fra skuffen under skrivebordet.	"I always have a Plan B", he said and took out a pistol from the under-desk drawer.
Eksperter siger, at dette er falsk.	Experts say this is false.
Tom spiller violin.	Tom plays the violin.
Tom trykkede George W. Bushs hånd.	Tom shook George W. Bush's hand.
Min hovedbund klør.	My scalp itches.
Jeg gav Tom bogen.	I gave Tom the book.
Jeg kunne ikke tænke særlig klart.	I couldn't think very clearly.
Tom gav hånden til alle.	Tom shook hands with everybody.
Tom skød på faraoen.	Tom shot at the pharaoh.
Tom skød mod kaptajnen.	Tom shot at the captain.
Tom skød på toiletrenseren.	Tom shot at the toilet cleaner.
Tom skød på en muldvarp.	Tom shot at a mole.
Tom skød på et egern.	Tom shot at a squirrel.
Du skal bare sige ja.	You should just say yes.
Tom spiller på horn.	Tom plays the horn.
Tom fandt en ske.	Tom found a spoon.
Tom fandt to gafler.	Tom found two forks.
Tom fandt en numse.	Tom found a butt.
Det synes jeg er indlysende.	I think that's obvious.
Kom Tom her i dag?	Did Tom come here today?
Det accepterer vi.	We accept that.
Tom spiller klarinet.	Tom plays the clarinet.
Jeg besluttede at blive på flyet.	I decided to stay on the plane.
Tom lo som en gal.	Tom laughed like a madman.
Det var vores sidste chance.	That was our last chance.
Eksperter siger, at dette er forkert.	Experts say this is wrong.
Tom skød på klaveret.	Tom shot at the piano.
Tom skød mod paven.	Tom shot at the Pope.
Tom spiste tre æg.	Tom ate three eggs.
Vi var stille.	We were silent.
Tom kan regne med mig.	Tom can count on me.
Tom Jackson var en gammel græsk filosof.	Tom Jackson was an ancient Greek philosopher.
Jeg hader at blive bedraget.	I hate being deceived.
Tom sagde, at han ville komme tilbage.	Tom said he'd come back.
Jeg tror, ​​Tom vil være i stand til at udføre jobbet.	I think Tom will be able to do the job.
Tom har arbejdet som lokofører i fem år.	Tom has been working as a train driver for five years.
Hvad forårsagede togets afsporing?	What caused the train derailment?
Jeg nægter at tale om det.	I refuse to talk about that.
Tom nippede af koppen.	Tom sipped from the cup.
Foderafgrøder som kløver og lucerne kunne plantes.	Forage crops like clover and alfalfa could be planted.
Tom fandt en udtørret sommerfugl.	Tom found a dried-out butterfly.
Tom ser ung ud, men han er over tredive.	Tom looks young, but he's over thirty.
Dette er en urne.	This is an urn.
Tom skriver tekster.	Tom writes lyrics.
I det 17. og 18. århundrede blev europæiske efternavne lovligt påtvunget Ashkenazi-jøder.	In the 17th and 18th centuries, European surnames were legally forced upon Ashkenazi Jews.
Mange Ashkenazi-jøder skulle vælge fra en liste over forhåndsgodkendte efternavne, mens andre fik tildelt et efternavn.	Many Ashkenazi Jews were required to pick from a list of pre-approved surnames, while others were assigned a surname.
Dette var en del af et århundreder langt program for kulturelt folkedrab, der kulminerede i Holocausts fysiske folkedrab.	This was part of a centuries-long program of cultural genocide that culminated in the physical genocide of the Holocaust.
Alle de europæiske nationalstater, ikke kun Nazityskland, var deltagere i det århundreder lange folkedrab, der kulminerede med Holocaust.	All of the European nation-states, not just Nazi Germany, were participants in the centuries-long genocide that culminated in the Holocaust.
Mange fortsætter med at deltage i det ved at bruge relikvier fra det samme folkedrab mod dets ofre.	Many continue to participate in it by using relics of this very same genocide against its victims.
Det store samfund af jødiske flygtninge, der blev fordrevet fra Judæa til det, der blev det frankiske og senere Hellige Romerske Rige, blev kendt som "Ashkenazi".	The large community of Jewish refugees displaced from Judea to what became the Frankish and later Holy Roman Empire came to be known as "Ashkenazi."
Det store samfund af jødiske flygtninge, der er fordrevet fra Judæa til Iberia, blev kendt som "Sefardi".	The large community of Jewish refugees displaced from Judea to Iberia came to be known as "Sephardi."
Mange andre samfund af jødiske flygtninge eksisterede i hele Mellemøsten, Europa, Afrika og Asien.	Many other communities of Jewish refugees existed throughout the Middle East, Europe, Africa, and Asia.
De fleste af samfundene forblev i forbindelse med hebraisk som en skriftlig lingua franca; andre blev isolerede.	Most of the communities remained in touch using Hebrew as a written lingua franca; others became isolated.
Korstogene dræbte og fordrev endnu flere jøder fra det, der på det tidspunkt var blevet kendt som Palæstina, samtidig med at korsfarere dræbte mange europæiske jøder.	The Crusades killed and displaced even more Jews from what had by then become known as Palestine, at the same time as Crusaders killed many European Jews.
Den kristne Reconquista tvang Sephardim ud af Spanien.	The Christian Reconquista forced Sephardim out of Spain.
Mange tog til Nordafrika og Mellemøsten, hvor de integrerede sig med eksisterende samfund, men andre spredte sig ud i Europa til steder som Holland og Frankrig.	Many went to North Africa and the Middle East, where they integrated with existing communities, but others spread out into Europe to places like the Netherlands and France.
Folk i alle aldre kan lide hans digte og historier.	People of all ages like his poems and stories.
Jeg taler ikke med Tom.	I don't talk to Tom.
Jeg spiller den guitar.	I play that guitar.
Tom slog mig i maven.	Tom punched me in the stomach.
Jeg skred til et stop.	I skidded to a stop.
Det skete for Tom.	It happened to Tom.
Jeg tror, ​​jeg er klar til at gøre det.	I think I'm ready to do that.
Jeg har et godt forhold til Tom.	I have a good relationship with Tom.
Eleverne gav læreren øvelsen.	The students gave the teacher the exercise.
Det er en helvedes masse penge.	That's a hell of a lot of money.
Han stolede på Tom.	He trusted Tom.
Hvordan siger man "jeg elsker dig" på fransk?	How does one say "I love you" in French?
Det er en ubehagelig affære.	That's an unpleasant affair.
Kaffe havde god smag for hende.	Coffee had good taste for her.
Lån mig nogle penge.	Lend me some money.
Jeg vil sælge billedpostkort.	I'm going to sell picture postcards.
Forstår du stadig?	Do you still understand?
Dine øjne skinner med sikkerhed.	Your eyes shine with certainty.
Vil du spise på kontoret eller udenfor?	Will you eat at the office or outside?
Du har stadig tid, kære baronesse.	You've still got time, dear baroness.
En af mine venner siger, hun ville møde dig.	One of my friends says she wanted to meet you.
Måske er det nødvendigt, at du afslutter din fødsel nu.	Perhaps it's necessary that you finish your labour now.
Tom spurgte mig, om han skulle gå eller ej.	Tom asked me whether he should go or not.
Samarbejde er bedre end konkurrence.	Collaboration is better than competition.
Tom laver den bedste veganske pølse.	Tom makes the best vegan sausage.
Tom har den bedste veganske pølse.	Tom has the best vegan sausage.
Varmelegemet i studieboligen gik i stykker.	The heater in the student housing broke.
Stol ikke på udseendet, døm ikke for hurtigt!	Don't trust appearances, don't judge too fast!
Han ville ikke hjælpe.	He didn't want to help.
Killingen ser ud til at have det bedre her til morgen.	The kitten seems to be feeling better this morning.
Jeg taler ret godt norsk, men jeg forstår ikke alt, hvad Ibsen og Hamsun skrev.	I speak Norwegian quite well, but I don't understand everything Ibsen and Hamsun wrote.
Gå sammen.	Go together.
Interessant!	Interesting!
Frygtelig!	Terrible!
Hvilken atmosfære!	What an atmosphere!
Jeg vejleder dem ikke.	I don't guide them.
Jeg spurgte Tom, hvad hans aftale var.	I asked Tom what his deal was.
Hun vidste ikke, om min kusine Betty kunne lide vores besøg i zoologisk have.	She didn't know if my cousin Betty liked our visit to the zoo.
Hans mor ankommer i toget kl. 9.10.	His mother will arrive in the 9:10 train.
Jeg bad Tom holde op med at følge mig.	I told Tom to stop following me.
De beder mig om at være stille.	They ask me to be quiet.
Det virker som et stort skridt fremad direkte til en mere retfærdig verden.	That seems like a big step forward directly to a fairer world.
Alle katte kan lide mælk.	All cats like milk.
Panteren sover over en gren.	The panther sleeps over a branch.
Nogle mennesker kunne ikke lide det.	Some people didn't like it.
På sin hunds fødselsdag gav Petros ham et benlegetøj.	On his dog's birthday, Petros gifted him a bone toy.
Hun vil ikke hjælpe fattige mennesker.	She will not help poor people.
Jeg lover ikke at være imod dig mere.	I promise to not be against you anymore.
Det lykkedes ham at leve uden store bekymringer med kone og tre børn.	He succeeded in living without huge worries, with a wife and three children.
Tom åbnede sin taske for at putte sine bøger i.	Tom opened his bag to put his books in.
Toms køretøj er beskidt.	Tom's vehicle is dirty.
"Anser du dig selv som intelligent?"	"Do you consider yourself intelligent?"
"Intelligent?	"Intelligent?
Ingen.	No.
Jeg er en dum!"	I'm a dumb!"
Tom taler relativt hurtigt, ikke?	Tom talks relatively fast, doesn't he?
Tom gik til byen.	Tom went to the city.
Du har hele dagen til at gøre dette.	You've got the whole day to do this.
Han bor sammen med sin kone, som bare passer på sig selv.	He lives with his wife, who just minds herself.
Se denne film.	Watch this film.
Hvorfor har folk normalt et eller to børn?	Why do people usually have one or two kids?
Forælderen kom straks hjem.	The parent immediately came back home.
Er dette en flodhest?	Is this a hippo?
Killingen holdt Esthers hånd i poterne og slikkede den.	The kitten held Esther's hand in her paws and licked it.
Jeg gik glip af mit finskkursus.	I missed my Finnish course.
Layla betalte for taxaen.	Layla payed for the taxi.
Jeg burde stadig være der.	I should still be there.
Kommer Tom ikke?	Isn't Tom coming?
Ingen kat kan lide vand.	No cat likes water.
Du kan ikke undgå at møde Tom.	You cannot avoid meeting Tom.
Sådan blev Tom født.	This is how Tom was born.
Jeg så ikke, hvad der foregik.	I didn't see what was going on.
Tom beskrev ulykken i detaljer.	Tom described the accident in detail.
Du gør det for Tom, ikke for mig.	You are doing it for Tom, not for me.
Tom blev ramt af en sporvogn.	Tom was hit by a tram.
Dette er ikke mit navn.	This is not my name.
Jeg vil ikke skifte tøj.	I don't want to change my clothes.
Var du tæt på?	Were you close?
Tom har allerede lidt meget.	Tom has already suffered a lot.
Tom skød mod toget, der kom forbi.	Tom shot at the train passing by.
De fleste katte kan ikke lide vand.	Most cats don't like water.
Mange mennesker spekulerer på, hvordan livet i rummet ville være.	Many people wonder what life in space would be like.
Tom havde glemt sin paraply, så jeg lånte ham min.	Tom had forgotten his umbrella, so I lent him mine.
Det er ikke din tur.	It's not your turn.
Så hvad synes du om det?	So what do you think of that?
Nogen forklarede det til Tom.	Someone explained it to Tom.
Katten leger for sig selv.	The cat plays by itself.
Tom lå på sofaen og tænkte på sin fremtid.	Tom was lying on the sofa, thinking about his future.
Jeg spiller stadig fodbold.	I still play soccer.
Tror Tom os?	Does Tom believe us?
Det er et komplet rod.	It's a complete mess.
Jeg vil ikke have en del af det længere.	I want no part of it anymore.
Det vil jeg bestemt læse.	I definitely want to read that.
Du lyder ikke som om du har det meget sjovt.	You don't sound like you're having much fun.
Tom lukkede langsomt døren.	Tom closed the door slowly.
Tom underviser i engelsk via Skype.	Tom is teaching English via Skype.
Lad os gå i dag.	Let's go today.
Tom underviser i engelsk ved hjælp af Skype.	Tom teaches English using Skype.
Politiet leder stadig efter Tom.	The police are still looking for Tom.
Vi har allerede betalt.	We've already paid.
Tom ved, hvordan man spiller på harpe.	Tom knows how to play the harp.
Drengene låste Tom inde på toilettet.	The boys locked Tom in the toilet.
Drengene låste Tom inde på toilettet.	The boys locked Tom in the restroom.
Det lyder måske ikke som særlig sjovt, men det er det.	That might not sound like very much fun, but it is.
En klog person finder den bedste uddannelse, når han rejser.	A clever person finds the best education when traveling.
Tom fulgte dig.	Tom was following you.
Tom faldt ned fra en klippe.	Tom fell off a cliff.
Jeg vil ikke have, at Tom skal ændre noget.	I don't want Tom to change anything.
Jeg sov som en sten.	I slept like a rock.
Tom kan spille fagot.	Tom can play the bassoon.
Det er fisk.	Those are fish.
Du må hellere gå hen og takke Tom.	You'd better go and thank Tom.
Jeg begynder først at skrive artiklen efter søndag.	I will start writing the article only after Sunday.
Hun elsker ham inderligt.	She passionately loves him.
Hun ville have været i stand til at møde ham i går.	She would have been able to meet him yesterday.
Er din bror sammen med dem?	Is your brother with them?
Hvad kan du fortælle os om det maleri?	What can you tell us about that painting?
Leatherbacks har ikke en hård skal som de fleste skildpadder.	Leatherbacks do not have a hard shell like most turtles.
Det beslutter jeg snart.	I will decide that soon.
Jeg spiser dit brød.	I am eating your bread.
Tom rev lagenet i stykker.	Tom tore the sheet.
Nattergalen synger i træet.	The nightingale sings in the tree.
Han er vores ven Tom.	He is our friend Tom.
Kan du se dit skib?	Do you see your ship?
Snart er det hans fødselsdag.	Soon it will be his birthday.
Jeg ringede til politiet med det samme.	I called the police right away.
Kender du allerede Tom?	Do you already know Tom?
Han taler fransk meget flydende.	He speaks French very fluently.
Mellem Ken og dig, hvem er højere?	Between Ken and you, who is taller?
De er her ikke længere.	They are no longer here.
Velkommen til Beijing.	Welcome to Beijing.
Selvfølgelig accepterede jeg.	Of course I accepted.
Præsidenten aflyste sit besøg i Japan.	The president cancelled his visit to Japan.
Han behøver ikke at gå der.	He does not need to go there.
De vil spise vores brød.	They will eat our bread.
Gekkoer lægger æg.	Geckos lay eggs.
Skriver Tom hurtigt?	Does Tom type fast?
Jeg vil gerne vide mere om denne sygdom.	I'd like to know more about this disease.
Mary er stewardesse.	Mary is a stewardess.
Kan du folde disse håndklæder for mig?	Could you fold these towels for me?
Tom foreslog, at vi skulle gå tidligt.	Tom suggested that we should leave early.
Toms papegøje bander på esperanto.	Tom's parrot swears in Esperanto.
Fold håndklæderne.	Fold the towels.
Tom vandt maraton.	Tom won the marathon.
Jeg hader agurker.	I hate cucumbers.
Fulgte Tom efter mig?	Was Tom following me?
Katte er komplekse individer.	Cats are complex individuals.
Legetøjsfirmaer ser dukker, der ligner præsidenten.	Toy companies seel dolls that look like the president.
Tom gør alt for Mary.	Tom does everything for Mary.
Nogle ældre børn tog sig af de yngre børn.	Some older children were taking care of the younger children.
Tom laver altid sine lektier før aftensmaden.	Tom always does his homework before dinner.
Den er lavet af et hårdt plastik-lignende materiale.	It's made of a hard plastic-like material.
Nogen bragte den til Tom.	Someone brought it to Tom.
Sikkerhed er meget vigtig.	Safety is very important.
Tom sprang ballonerne med en nål.	Tom popped the balloons with a pin.
Stop så alt dit charlataneri!	Stop all of your charlatanry then!
Jeg prøvede at rette mine fejl.	I tried to correct my mistakes.
Sydlændinge kunne ikke lide folk fra nord.	Southerners didn't like people from the North.
Tom spiller cello.	Tom plays the cello.
Jeg ville gerne møde hende personligt.	I wanted to meet her in person.
Jeg fik ikke lov til at møde hende personligt.	I wasn't allowed to meet her in person.
Ja, det er okay.	Yes, that's OK.
Jeg har ikke læst beskeden endnu.	I haven't read the message yet.
Tom skubbede porten til.	Tom pushed the gate closed.
Det var Tom, der skubbede ham ned ad trappen.	It was Tom who pushed him down the stairs.
Jeg oversætter sjældent noget til andre sprog end engelsk.	I rarely translate something into languages other than English.
Han bad hende gå i seng.	He told her to go sleep.
Han bad hende gå i seng.	He told her to go to bed.
Jeg hader farvel.	I hate goodbyes.
Smid det væk, Tom.	Throw it away, Tom.
Hvad gør du ved hende?	What are you doing to her?
Vi har nogle mennesker over i aften.	We are having some people over tonight.
Naturen er utrolig kompleks, og vores viden om den er begrænset.	Nature is incredibly complex, and our knowledge of it is limited.
Lyder det af meget?	Does that sound like a lot?
Har du set meget til Tom?	Have you been seeing a lot of Tom?
Hvad er pollen?	What is pollen?
Tom skal af sted.	Tom is going to take off.
Jeg har ingen mønter.	I don't have any coins.
Jeg ville stole på Tom.	I'd trust Tom.
Jeg hader at studere.	I hate to study.
Tom bagte en gryderet.	Tom baked a casserole.
Hvilken trist dag!	What a sad day!
Tom er allerede på scenen.	Tom is already on stage.
Jeg kan ikke lide lightere.	I don't like lighters.
Jeg sov på det hårde gulv.	I slept on the hard floor.
Kan Tom blive her?	Can Tom stay here?
Læs denne side.	Read this page.
Tom gør bare, hvad han vil.	Tom just does what he wants.
Dette kød er hårdt.	This meat is tough.
Tom kom tidligt, som han var blevet bedt om at gøre.	Tom came early, as he'd been asked to do.
Dette er fennikel.	This is fennel.
Tom ved, hvordan man spiller trommer.	Tom knows how to play the drums.
Jeg løftede min hånd.	I raised my hand.
Tom vil tage med mig.	Tom will go with me.
Sundhed er meget vigtigere end penge.	Health is much more important than money.
Vær forsigtig, far ikke vild.	Be careful, don't get lost.
Disse breve er blevet anerkendt for at være ægte.	These letters have been acknowledged to be genuine.
Han gik, mens jeg røg.	He left while I was smoking.
Har du set ulykken med dine egne øjne?	Have you witnessed the accident with your own eyes?
Hvor er aftensmaden?	Where's dinner?
Denne slange bider ikke.	This snake does not bite.
Du kan røre ved den.	You can touch it.
Skal jeg åbne vinduet?	Should I open the window?
Tom spiller obo.	Tom plays the oboe.
Jeg tager noget frisk luft.	I'll go get some fresh air.
Tom var ikke fremmed for Mary.	Tom wasn't a stranger to Mary.
Han har meget magt.	He holds a lot of power.
Det er min fødselsdag!	It's my birthday!
Hvad ved du om disse konstellationer?	What do you know about these constellations?
Åh!	Ugh!
Hvordan skammer du dig ikke over dig selv?	How are you not ashamed of yourself?
Jeg går tidligere i seng i dag.	I'll go to bed earlier today.
Han var ret tilfreds med det, han havde.	He was quite content with what he had.
Jeg er ved at ordne stolen.	I'm fixing the chair.
Mary er lærer på en skole.	Mary is a teacher at a school.
Du har aldrig bedt mig om at gøre dette.	You've never asked me to do this.
Jeg brugte mange penge på at ombygge mit hus.	I spent a lot of money remodeling my house.
Tom kiggede listen igennem igen.	Tom looked through the list again.
Hun var sammen med ham.	She was with him.
Maria trænger til nye bukser.	Maria needs new pants.
Tom døde næsten i går.	Tom almost died yesterday.
Har Tom altid været så spredt?	Has Tom always been this scatterbrained?
Jeg vidste, det var dig, Tom!	I knew it was you, Tom!
Han drikker sin te uden mælk.	He drinks his tea without milk.
Hvilket møde!	What a meeting!
Penge betyder ikke noget for Tom.	Money doesn't matter to Tom.
Noget af det tøj, jeg bedst kan lide, er hand-me-downs.	Some of the clothes I like best are hand-me-downs.
Tom ringede til banken.	Tom called the bank.
Ingen glæde er midlertidig, fordi det indtryk, den efterlader, er permanent.	No joy is temporary, because the impression it leaves is permanent.
Hvordan har din fod det?	How's your foot?
Tom vil bare gerne hjælpe dig.	Tom just wants to help you.
Jeg sov på betongulvet.	I slept on the concrete floor.
Hvorfor gav Tom op?	Why did Tom give up?
Vent ikke her.	Don't wait here.
Tom er syg, men han tog stadig på arbejde.	Tom is sick, but he still went to work.
Dæk dine ben.	Cover your legs.
Nogen fortalte Tom.	Someone told Tom.
Jeg så en mand stjæle tøj fra min tørresnor.	I saw a man stealing clothes off my clothesline.
Kan Tom komme med os?	Can Tom come with us?
Myg kan lide mørke farver.	Mosquitoes like dark colors.
Det er næsten umuligt at komme i kontakt med Tom.	It's almost impossible to get in touch with Tom.
Ingen havde det sjovt.	Nobody had fun.
Var Tom her i går?	Was Tom here yesterday?
Tag ikke dette.	Don't take this.
Tom blev ofte drillet i skolen.	Tom was often teased at school.
Økonomisk støtte er tilgængelig.	Financial aid is available.
Tom gav hånden til alle.	Tom shook hands with everyone.
Jeg kunne ikke lide det der.	I didn't like it there.
Tom går der ikke.	Tom doesn't go there.
Vi var helte.	We were heroes.
Jeg fulgte efter Tom.	I was following Tom.
Jeg hader broccoli.	I hate broccoli.
Er Tom der virkelig?	Is Tom really there?
Du har penge, ikke?	You have money, don't you?
Tom vil bare danse.	Tom just wants to dance.
Nå, det tror jeg ikke.	Well, I don't think so.
Hvornår gjorde Tom dette?	When did Tom do this?
Vi er ikke sikre.	We aren't sure.
Jeg tror, ​​Tom faldt.	I think Tom fell.
Skal jeg gå hen og få en læge?	Do you want me to go and get a doctor?
Luk ikke vinduerne.	Don't close the windows.
Tom ville ikke lukke mig ind i rummet.	Tom wouldn't let me in the room.
Åbn alle døre.	Open all the doors.
Jeg er stadig højere end Tom.	I'm still taller than Tom.
Sikkerheden er kritisk.	Safety is critical.
Tom pakkede hurtigt et par ting ind i en kuffert og gik.	Tom quickly packed a few things into a suitcase and left.
Oliver kan lide at lege med legoklodser.	Oliver likes to play with Lego blocks.
Jeg hader mørket.	I hate the dark.
Tom kommer ofte over til mig.	Tom often comes over to my place.
Hajskind kan bruges som huden på andre dyr.	Sharkskin can be used like the skin of other animals.
Kom her nu, Tom.	Come here now, Tom.
Vi kan godt lide at lave mange af de samme ting.	We like to do many of the same things.
Hvornår faldt Tom?	When did Tom fall?
Det har vi et problem med.	We have a problem with that.
Kommer Tom virkelig?	Is Tom really coming?
Hvad gør en person tilfreds?	What makes a person satisfied?
Tom ser stadig ud til at sove.	Tom still seems to be sleeping.
Lån det til mig.	Lend that to me.
Tom behøver ikke at komme tilbage.	Tom doesn't have to come back.
Mange mennesker kan lide chili cheeseburgere.	Many people like chili cheeseburgers.
Tom er ret skør.	Tom is pretty crazy.
Ja, det er det.	Yes, that's it.
Tom gik derover.	Tom went over there.
Jeg er ret skør.	I'm pretty crazy.
Jeg har et webcam.	I have a webcam.
Jeg tror, ​​jeg er ret skør.	I think I'm pretty crazy.
Jeg må indrømme, at jeg er ret skør.	I must confess I'm pretty crazy.
Hvornår gav Tom op?	When did Tom give up?
Jeg kan ikke komme i tanke om, hvem det var.	I can't think of who that was.
Hvad kan jeg lære Tom?	What can I teach Tom?
Hvem bliver her?	Who stays here?
Tom smilede lidt flovt.	Tom smiled, slightly embarrassed.
Vi tror, ​​du vil kunne lide det lige så meget, som vi gør.	We think you'll like it as much as we do.
Tom undlod at stemme.	Tom abstained.
Vi har brug for våben og ammunition.	We need guns and ammunition.
Oliver kan lide at lege med legoklodser.	Oliver likes playing with Lego bricks.
Ryger Tom meget?	Does Tom smoke a lot?
Jeg kan ikke blive ret længe.	I can't stay very long.
Tom må vente.	Tom needs to wait.
Vi er lettede.	We're relieved.
Jeg gjorde, hvad Tom ville.	I did what Tom wanted.
Dette er kaffe.	This is coffee.
Tom må væk herfra.	Tom has to get out of here.
Ingen vidste, at sundhedspleje kunne være så kompliceret.	Nobody knew health care could be so complicated.
Vi fordømmer på det kraftigste denne voldsomme udfoldelse af had, bigotteri og vold fra mange sider.	We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides.
På mange sider.	On many sides.
Hvilken skare; hvilket fremmøde.	What a crowd; what a turnout.
Lad os løbe væk.	Let's run away.
Kim Jong-un taler, og hans folk sætter sig op med opmærksomhed.	Kim Jong-un speaks and his people sit up at attention.
Jeg vil have, at mine folk gør det samme.	I want my people to do the same.
Jeg er ofte den mindst racistiske person, nogen kommer til at møde.	I am often the least racist person that anybody is going to meet.
Han vil følge dit råd.	He's going to follow your advice.
Tom slap let.	Tom escaped easily.
Jeg har et naturligt instinkt for videnskab.	I have a natural instinct for science.
Det, du ser, og det, du læser, er ikke det, der sker.	What you're seeing and what you're reading is not what's happening.
Lad os stikke af sammen.	Let's elope together.
Jeg hørte en klokke ringe.	I heard a bell ringing.
Tom havde det ikke sjovt.	Tom didn't have fun.
Jeg glemte helt at lægge skraldespanden ud.	I completely forgot to put out the bin.
Tom er chauffør i en skraldespand.	Tom is a bin lorry driver.
Ingen havde selv den fjerneste anelse om, hvad der kunne være sket.	Nobody had even the faintest idea what might've happened.
Tom sagde, at han ville være her i morgen.	Tom said that he'd be here tomorrow.
Det lignede intet, jeg nogensinde havde set før.	It looked like nothing I'd ever seen before.
Tom spiste en Mars-bar i sjov størrelse.	Tom ate a fun-sized Mars bar.
Jeg følte, at jeg var i himlen.	I felt like I was in heaven.
Tom havde ikke en paraply, så jeg lånte ham min.	Tom didn't have an umbrella, so I lent him mine.
Frihed er en tom lyd, så længe du holdes i trældom økonomisk.	Liberty is an empty sound as long as you are kept in bondage economically.
Jeg ville ønske, du havde tænkt på børnene.	I wish you had thought about the children.
Har du overhovedet tænkt på børnene?	Have you even thought about the children?
Sikkerheden er i højsædet.	Safety is paramount.
Tom skal tilbage.	Tom has to go back.
Lad mig præsentere jer for hinanden.	Let me introduce you to each other.
De er fine.	Those are fine.
Jeg så ham bryde vinduet op.	I saw him break the window.
Vi tog afsted om natten.	We left at night.
Det er over midnat, og jeg sover stadig ikke.	It's past midnight and I'm still not sleeping.
Han er den yngste af eleverne.	He's the youngest of the students.
Måske ved Tom det.	Maybe Tom knows.
Har du lavet dine matematik lektier?	Have you done your math homework?
Der var ingen dommer på banen.	There was no referee on the field.
Der er ingen esperanto-kurser i min by.	There are no Esperanto courses in my town.
Der er ingen esperanto-kurser i min by.	There are no Esperanto courses in my city.
Der er eksperimenter, du ikke kan udføre på dig selv.	There are experiments you can't conduct on your own self.
Hans far fik hende til at fortælle alt.	His father made her tell everything.
Kan du huske Marias pigenavn?	Do you remember Maria's maiden name?
Jeg lovede dem ikke noget.	I didn't promise them anything.
Denne frugt har en sød smag.	This fruit has a sweet taste.
Dette er bomuld.	This is cotton.
Du misforstod dette ords betydning.	You misunderstood this word's meaning.
Tom sagde, at han ville være her i morgen.	Tom said he'd be here tomorrow.
Han ville ikke sælge mig huset.	He didn't want to sell me the house.
Hans undskyldning var, at han allerede havde fundet køberen.	His excuse was that he'd already found the buyer.
Jeg vil gerne blive sanger uanset hvad.	I want to become a singer no matter what.
Ifølge postmodernismens ideer former sproget vores tænkning.	According to the ideas of postmodernism, language shapes our thinking.
Flyvemyrer er meget irriterende insekter.	Flying ants are very annoying insects.
Jeg besluttede at blive i toget.	I decided to stay on the train.
Ingen, der beskriver "postmodernisme" som en ideologi, bør nogensinde tages alvorligt om noget som helst.	No one who describes "postmodernism" as an ideology should ever be taken seriously about anything.
Tom skal til festen.	Tom is going to the party.
Hvis nogen beskriver "postmodernisme" som en ideologi, bør de aldrig tages seriøst om noget som helst.	If someone describes "postmodernism" as an ideology, they should never be taken seriously about anything.
Du er færdig for.	You're done for.
For den yderste højrefløj er "postmodernisme" alt, hvad de ikke kan lide fra en bred vifte af indbyrdes modstridende filosofier smeltet sammen til én filosofi fremført af en almægtig stråmodstander, der kontrollerer hele den akademiske verden, medierne og politik.	For the far right, "postmodernism" is everything they don't like from a wide variety of mutually contradictory philosophies melded into one philosophy advanced by an all-powerful straw opponent who controls all of academia, the media, and politics.
Jeg lo ufrivilligt.	I laughed involuntarily.
Tom vil tilgive mig.	Tom will forgive me.
Vores lykkelige øjeblikke har rødder; vi glemmer dem ikke let.	Our happy moments have roots; we don't easily forget them.
Jeg tror, ​​alle er bange.	I think everybody is scared.
Tom spiller harmonika.	Tom plays the accordion.
Hvad tænker lærerne?	What do teachers think?
Tom ved, hvordan man kører.	Tom knows how to drive.
Det lignede ikke noget, jeg nogensinde havde set før.	It didn't look like anything I'd ever seen before.
Chefen fyrede Tom.	The boss fired Tom.
Er det en muldvarp?	Is that a mole?
Tom talte aldrig til mig.	Tom never spoke to me.
Måske gør vi det en dag.	Maybe one day we'll do that.
Tom talte mønterne.	Tom counted the coins.
I banegårdens lysekronesale sad gamle tiggere i hjørnerne, på den grå sten.	In the chandeliered halls of the train station, old beggars sat in the corners, on the grey stone.
Den virulente pest hærgede hele planeten, da mange steder blev til spøgelsesbyer.	The virulent plague ravaged the whole planet, as many places became ghost towns.
Du har set det, ikke?	You've seen it, haven't you?
Tom bad os stoppe.	Tom told us to stop.
Vores chef vil ikke lide det, hvis vi ikke gør noget.	Our boss won't like it if we do nothing.
Tom skriver sange.	Tom writes songs.
Kom med det!	Bring it on!
Vis mig, hvad du har!	Show me what you've got!
Blimey, sikke en bellend!	Blimey, what a bellend!
Hvad sagde du til ekspedienten?	What did you say to the clerk?
Er Tom bedre endnu?	Is Tom better yet?
Lad være med at rode med mine ting.	Don't mess with my stuff.
Jeg skærer brødet.	I will cut the bread.
Jeg skal skære brødet.	I am going to slice the bread.
Hvornår kommer Tom her?	When will Tom come here?
Vi foretrækker te frem for kaffe.	We prefer tea to coffee.
Jeg vil gerne være videnskabsmand.	I want to be a scientist.
Tom er god til alt.	Tom is good at everything.
I de dage kunne mange mennesker i dette område ikke lide kinesere.	In those days, many people in this area didn't like Chinese people.
Hvem gjorde dette mod Tom?	Who did this to Tom?
Du lyder som en robot.	You sound like a robot.
Tom spiller bugle.	Tom plays the bugle.
Vi skal finde en vej ud.	We need to find a way out.
Tom kender mange kendte mennesker.	Tom knows a lot of famous people.
Giv mig et emne.	Give me a topic.
Jeg ved ikke, hvordan jeg skal fortælle det til Tom.	I don't know how I'm going to tell Tom.
Jeg så noget nyt.	I saw something new.
Tom gik en tur med Mary.	Tom took a walk with Mary.
Jeg drikker heller ikke kaffe eller te.	I don't drink coffee or tea either.
Jeg drikker hverken kaffe eller te.	I drink neither coffee nor tea.
Helt ærligt, det tror jeg ikke.	Frankly, I don't think so.
Tom vil gerne være danser.	Tom wants to be a dancer.
Jeg er sikker på, at de vil kunne lide det.	I'm sure they're going to like it.
Tom skrev til sine fædre.	Tom wrote to his fathers.
Stort er ikke altid bedre.	Big is not always better.
Tom besvimede, da han hørte nyheden.	Tom fainted when he heard the news.
Jeg så intet nyt.	I saw nothing new.
Ingen fortalte Tom.	No one told Tom.
Toms søster er gravid.	Tom's sister is pregnant.
Det lyder som en, der bare pludrer.	It sounds like somebody who's just babbling.
Tom sagde for meget.	Tom said too much.
Gør det forsigtigt.	Do it carefully.
Tom sadlede hestene.	Tom saddled the horses.
Mary kunne ikke klare Toms utroskab.	Mary couldn't cope with Tom's infidelity.
Tom kaldte sin chef for en idiot.	Tom called his boss an idiot.
Du lod ham dø.	You let him die.
Tom skød på en svamp.	Tom shot at a mushroom.
Tom skød på sultanen.	Tom shot at the sultan.
Jeg begyndte at pakke ud, så snart jeg kom til mit værelse.	I started unpacking as soon as I got to my room.
Tom så en sneleopard.	Tom saw a snow leopard.
Tom ved, hvordan man spiller orgel.	Tom knows how to play the organ.
Tom så en jærv.	Tom saw a wolverine.
Din far var en anstændig og hjælpsom mand.	Your father was a decent and helpful man.
Fortæl os, hvad du kan lide.	Tell us what you like.
Har du været i kontakt med Tom?	Have you been in contact with Tom?
Jeg skærer brødet.	I'll cut the bread.
Jeg skal skære brødet.	I'm going to slice the bread.
Det var som et spil.	It was like a game.
Tom forstod hvorfor.	Tom understood why.
Tom lettede sig over Ronald Reagans grav.	Tom relieved himself on Ronald Reagan's grave.
Lidja Zamenhof, som var religiøst bahai, blev dræbt af nazisterne for at være jøde.	Lidja Zamenhof, who was religiously Baha'i, was killed by the Nazis for being a Jew.
Den er ikke solgt endnu.	It hasn't been sold yet.
Ingen forstår Tom.	No one understands Tom.
Glemte vrag er en tidsindstillet bombe.	Forgotten wrecks are a time bomb.
Dette sted ligner billedet i min geografibog.	This place looks just like the picture in my geography book.
Tom er ikke veganer.	Tom isn't vegan.
Du hævder, at du ikke var der.	You claim you weren't there.
Vi får se, om det er sandt eller ej.	We'll see whether it's true or not.
En kringle er en slags brød formet som en løs knude.	A pretzel is a kind of bread shaped like a loose knot.
Jeg vil ikke have, at du vasker mit tøj.	I don't want you to wash my clothes.
Tom begyndte at male, da han var meget ung.	Tom started painting when he was very young.
Du burde ikke sove i klassen.	You shouldn't be sleeping in class.
Tom kender mange berømtheder.	Tom knows a lot of celebrities.
En af de fødevarer, vi bedst kan lide, er jordnødder.	One of the foods we like best is peanuts.
Tom fulgte efter mig.	Tom was following me.
Det stinker her.	It stinks here.
Tom er rigere end nogen anden i denne by.	Tom is richer than anyone else in this town.
Vindens bløde mumlen i bladene, biernes summen, duften af ​​blomster: alt syntes en himmelsk harmoni.	The soft murmur of the wind in the leaves, the buzzing of the bees, the scent of the flowers: everything seemed a heavenly harmony.
Det er en måde at sige det på.	That's one way to say it.
Tom ved, hvordan man spiller cembalo.	Tom knows how to play the harpsichord.
Der er flere måder at arrangere det på.	There are several ways to arrange it.
Jeg har betalt for dette.	I paid for this.
Tom er ret arrogant.	Tom is quite arrogant.
Åbn den dør.	Open that door.
Tom blev her hos mig.	Tom stayed here with me.
Jeg var her ikke på det tidspunkt.	I wasn't here at that time.
Så Tom nogen?	Did Tom see anyone?
Flagermus er pattedyr.	Bats are mammals.
Du skal betale Tom.	You have to pay Tom.
Tom blev et mål for aflysningskulturen, efter at nogle Instagram-billeder, han postede, var forbundet med pædofili og børnehandel af Wayfair-konspiraterne.	Tom became a target of cancel culture after some Instagram photos he posted were associated with pedophilia and child trafficking by the Wayfair conspiracists.
Vi vidste det allerede.	We already knew.
Tom spiller klarinet i et Dixieland jazzband.	Tom plays clarinet in a Dixieland jazz band.
Dette tjener ikke noget nyttigt formål.	This serves no useful purpose.
Blev Tom hårdt såret?	Was Tom hurt badly?
Jeg savner lugten fra min barndom.	I miss the smells of my childhood.
Det er, hvad nogle mennesker siger.	That's what some people say.
Tom ved, hvordan man spiller violin.	Tom knows how to play the violin.
Vi gik lige forbi.	We were just passing by.
Jeg sover med lyset tændt.	I sleep with the lights on.
Tom er nødt til at komme tilbage.	Tom has to come back.
Jeg hader weekender.	I hate weekends.
Tom vil have noget nyt.	Tom wants something new.
Jeg vil prøve at huske.	I'll try to remember.
Tom gav hånd til alle tilstedeværende.	Tom shook hands with everyone present.
Du lugter virkelig dårligt.	You smell really bad.
Tom ved, hvordan man spiller obo.	Tom knows how to play the oboe.
Kan du forklare det?	Can you explain it?
Tom var slet ikke overrasket over at se Mary til festen.	Tom wasn't at all surprised to see Mary at the party.
Du lyder som den lykkeligste person her.	You sound like the happiest person here.
Hvem satsede Tom på?	Who did Tom bet on?
Det er et nej-nej.	That's a no-no.
Du må hellere gå hen og tale med Tom.	You'd better go and speak to Tom.
Jeg sov i klassen.	I slept in class.
Tom døde uventet af et hjerteanfald.	Tom died unexpectedly of a heart attack.
Ædelmetaller som sølv genbruges også.	Precious metals like silver also are recycled.
Jeg gav bogen til Tom.	I gave the book to Tom.
Vi havde succes, fordi vi arbejdede hårdt.	We were successful because we worked hard.
Tom ved, hvordan man spiller fagot.	Tom knows how to play the bassoon.
Tildæk dine ører.	Cover your ears.
Hvis du insisterer på at gøre det på den måde, vil jeg ikke hjælpe dig.	If you insist on doing it that way, I'm not going to help you.
Tom spiller orgel.	Tom plays the organ.
Jeg hader varmen.	I hate the heat.
Tom lånte penge af nogen.	Tom borrowed money from someone.
Alle i min familie bruger briller undtagen mig.	Everyone in my family wears glasses except for me.
Tom blev for længe.	Tom stayed too long.
Hvilken trist sang!	What a sad song!
Tom blev tilbudt et job.	Tom was offered a job.
De stemte nej.	They voted no.
Tom havde ikke brug for vores støtte.	Tom didn't need our support.
Er du færdig med dine matematik lektier?	Have you finished your math homework?
Stop med at bande.	Stop cursing.
Tom var i fare.	Tom was in danger.
Jeg er i smerte.	I'm in agony.
Tom havde ikke brug for en større båd.	Tom didn't need a bigger boat.
Hvem blev valgt?	Who was elected?
Tom havde ikke brug for opmuntring.	Tom didn't need encouragement.
Tom var meget bossy.	Tom was very bossy.
Ingen hørte mig.	Nobody heard me.
Tom var et dovent barn.	Tom was a lazy child.
Dette er zink.	This is zinc.
Tom behøvede ikke at være sammen med Mary.	Tom didn't need to be with Mary.
Vil du have et eksempel?	Do you want an example?
Tom er ikke min værelseskammerat i år.	Tom isn't my roommate this year.
Jeg er økonom.	I'm an economist.
Tom var meget stærk.	Tom was very strong.
Hajskind kan bruges som huden på andre dyr.	Shark skin can be used like the skin of other animals.
Jeg ser en skole.	I see a school.
Tom var meget begejstret.	Tom was very thrilled.
Stop med at drikke.	Stop drinking.
Tom var alene hjemme.	Tom was alone at home.
Klæd dig af.	Get undressed.
Tom behøvede ikke at vaske sit ansigt.	Tom didn't need to wash his face.
Dette er acetone.	This is acetone.
Tom behøvede ikke en tur hjem.	Tom didn't need a ride home.
Jeg trækker mig.	I'll withdraw.
Tom var en dårlig træner.	Tom was a bad coach.
Nogle mennesker siger det.	Some people do say that.
Det har jeg aldrig hørt nogen sige før.	I've never heard anyone say that before.
Det har jeg aldrig hørt nogen sige.	I've never heard anyone say that.
Jeg hader tågen.	I hate the fog.
Tom behøvede ikke at tale fransk.	Tom didn't need to speak French.
Jeg håber ikke, at jeg går glip af noget.	I hope that I don't miss anything.
Tom havde ikke brug for en paraply.	Tom didn't need an umbrella.
Jeg æltede dejen.	I kneaded the dough.
Tom var rig dengang.	Tom was rich back then.
Jeg ved ikke, hvordan jeg skal reagere på det.	I don't know how to react to that.
Dette er sirup.	This is syrup.
Tom var her klokken 02.30.	Tom was here at 2:30.
Dette er alkohol.	This is alcohol.
Tom var sådan.	Tom was like that.
Tom behøvede ikke at vente på Mary.	Tom didn't need to wait for Mary.
Jeg lå vågen det meste af natten.	I lay awake most of the night.
Tom behøvede ikke at vaske tøj.	Tom didn't need to wash clothes.
Jeg gik 10 kilometer i dag.	I walked 10 kilometres today.
Tom er lige så behåret som en orangutang.	Tom is as hairy as an orangutan.
Ifølge en anekdote blev en ungarsk ornitolog inviteret til at holde et foredrag om sit felt i Østtyskland, og en ungarsk studerende, der studerede der, blev bedt om at tolke.	According to an anecdote, a Hungarian ornithologist was invited to give a lecture on his field in East Germany, and a Hungarian student who studied there was asked to interpret.
Foredraget startede, det første billede blev vist med følgende ord: "Dette er en bøjle med siddende ben og en dobbeltfjeret kam, der kan gøres oprejst eller nedadgående."	The lecture started, the first picture was shown, with the following words: "This is a hoopoe with perching legs and a double-feathered crest that can be made erect or decumbent.”
Forklaringen blev efterfulgt af en akavet stilhed, og efter lange, smertefulde minutter begyndte tolken at tale: "Vogel!" (fugl).	The explanation was followed by an awkward silence and after long, painful minutes, the interpreter started to speak: “Vogel!” (bird).
Jeg ser et fly.	I see a plane.
Tom vil ikke vise det til nogen anden.	Tom won't show it to anyone else.
Jeg har tænkt mig at gøre det.	I intend to do it.
Han er jugoslaver.	He is Yugoslavian.
Hun er jugoslavisk.	She is Yugoslavian.
Tom var høflig over for os.	Tom was polite to us.
Jeg planlægger at gøre det.	I plan to do it.
Tom var klar til det.	Tom was ready for it.
Skjul dig selv.	Hide yourself.
Tom havde ikke brug for en læge.	Tom didn't need a doctor.
Orkestret spillede på seksere og syvere.	The orchestra played at sixes and sevens.
Det kan jeg ikke undgå at gøre.	I can't avoid doing that.
Tom havde ikke brug for hjælp.	Tom didn't need assistance.
Jeg spiste kogte æg.	I ate boiled eggs.
Tom drak te.	Tom was drinking tea.
Tom ventede på sin ven.	Tom waited for his friend.
Dette er vand.	This is water.
Tom var fed.	Tom was fat.
Vægten tippede til hans disfavør.	The scales tipped in his disfavour.
Dette er jern.	This is iron.
Tom behøvede ikke at blive underrettet.	Tom didn't need to be notified.
Hvad kunne du bedst lide?	What did you like best?
Hvem sagde ja?	Who said yes?
Tom havde ikke brug for en kørestol.	Tom didn't need a wheelchair.
Det her er hår.	This is hair.
Tom var i skole i dag.	Tom was at school today.
Jeg kan ikke lide folk, der ikke kan kontrollere deres følelser.	I don't like people who can't control their emotions.
Tom behøvede ikke at betale.	Tom didn't need to pay.
Hvad er en hval?	What is a whale?
Spørgsmålene er velkomne.	The questions are welcome.
Tom fik lov at komme indenfor.	Tom was allowed inside.
Solen stod op.	The sun rose.
Kritik modtages gerne.	Criticism is welcome.
De tre uger forud for Tisha B'Av er en sorgperiode i jødedommen.	The three weeks preceding Tisha B'Av are a period of mourning in Judaism.
Tom behøvede ikke at vide det.	Tom didn't need to know that.
Jeg kan ikke tro, hvor heldig du er!	I can't believe how lucky you are!
Hvad betyder det spørgsmål?	What does that question mean?
Soldaterne svømmede i en blodig flod.	The soldiers swam in a bloody river.
